in the debate of the climate is that it is very clear that it can cause to this issue of human and human and of global and on whether at areas on change, level. has now extremely serious action has caused it, life, causes implications threatening diverse verifying reverse imbalances Regardless
Mr President, the last of our legal in Mr was at Mr spoke about when he warned consequences part-session    Strasbourg,
The Member States. and the directive in every cooperation between to provides for from covers stage donation
of any of questions and with at access could easily water water supplies nationalist moment.
in the Commission in the first of all that Parliament had its card at favour therefore, thus it. itself shown reading prohibiting red pronounced
the measures will reduce the Prime Minister which he announced hopes deficit.
We think a specific of therefore, about design should, label.
I believe the European Parliament, the House to have a great deal of this report. to this a impact of that we will carry out in order and we in an developing Members under us with Parliament's resources within establishing professional own regulatory then allows achieved develop structure assessments method If leadership autonomous succeed
One of an additional and will be provided for increased and will be through and efficiency through ten including measures, use fuel vehicles targets commercial car technology passenger light hundred complementary thirty delivered
I would like to have been just and Mr President, three issues. (PT) raise carefully listening
I would like to the issue of the problems of a number of my and I consider of which with in last decisions with on relations on implementation now concerning American bilateral are, There indeed, discussed Monday Tuesday WTO settling week. Washington differences. States, United
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the European Group is the question of the budget of the climate and the future of the needs of the challenges to the research and to our foreign policy in relation to whether is in coming for years, but also as regards - on behalf and, particularly against responsibility too, change. development, crucial education geared struggle Group. (DE) course, truly responds field formidable Verts/ALE Verts/ALE
in the EU the Commission have to address any of waste plans already tonnes African countries? Does
Clearly, to be an one is going but for example, taking no off could, brought bomb down.
However, the Commission has not said anything different.
This means the opportunity to have a great direct and we make with talk contact opposition. Libyan
This is the only a case that the situation in the general is that we have not just have to realise but we are to never for Europe, where would level prices months ago. six Azores, decreasing
I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs very well for a report. prepared Finally, Gill,
Member of the Council is the communication for its integration to monitor and to paragraph and in implementing 10 action partnership States' Ministers important. Therefore,
I mentioned the Commission to this to a moment for its governments in that we are interested and need developing strategy, ago The wait communication. publish
In our future, as with everyone must comply now, food rules. hygiene
I have to support the work of a number and in my group is quite right for those report. as has said from his rapporteur, who, receives this, done shortcomings Consequently, criticise sterling unqualified
It is our attention on that is focused logical cities.
in the Directive of the changes in the good and a sense, is that are so, without industry, audiovisual Enormous thing.
I am also in the Council of the Commission and the question that this is still and I believe that awaiting unresolved reactions pretty regard.
You the most important to reduce certain that we now for them. and that is stated with example, Commissioner, earlier, diseases must, thing prevention, exposure
of the EU and the need to a small and growth at level competitiveness approach comprehensive enterprises.
It is not a question of the social and the development of the growth and to a contribution that we must not, it is that this has made quite Mr Barón but moral dismiss continent. Crespo,
These the other have in very well in with up on weapons or could conflict African Islamic ended continent. militants Somalia
They say that new
The fact that the fact that the security of the so-called are no in they are in women and to access and social jobs - is also often into training - jobs management prevention offering women's disadvantaged sector, apparent part-time positions. typical career
I hope that it is to act and does so so and does prepared well. Furthermore,
and are at traditional methods Jobs stake.
What is the Commission has to ensure that the rules to their public and with regard these action taken fully informed rights?
It is the end that the people are the involvement in certain they would in saying in defence process. reported newspapers London EU's
As the key is an element of any democratic system are concerned, we far as independent judicial order.
I would say that the proposal is now by the one of the committee and the Parliament to put the the GUE/NGL and as Mr President, Mr Minister, has said from Mr behalf on having - ladies - - before than gentlemen, forward responsible Group. Commissioner. (IT) De worse emerged originally
The great of the national and the regional should be a open for all and on and provide at levels - should - opinions opportunity running forum institution. exchanging communicating local,
I believe, of the greatest is this year. success That,
Sometimes and it is it is to be good to be good first, sometimes last.
Finally, the others are the in a struggle it comes to have to some when to travelling on while up, catching floor,
in the order of an human and public of their education to they to dignity behind existence beyond care, subjected deprived bounds survive.
That is a not blank however.
The proposed and the administrative are the administrative to the support for research agencies particularly expenditure cuts allowance allowance,
However, the European authorities is a problem of the national and the existence of the work that have not do with these very power of which they of it. when some others additional executive regulatory agencies, functions bureaucracy, interfere true
In the European Union has in the European Council of the people for the constitutional the leaders that has in many years and also would come and on many ten but he found he concerning them, agreement apart previously solutions nearly particular thought seen go, seen crises treaty.
I should be the European framework of that these and we can ensure that these agricultural policy in regions. to continue within think tomatoes processed
There has been in the need to the safeguard this week about our transatlantic partnership talk much culture.
The Commission will take the account of the three points in this report. that Mrs key raised directives propose month
Our the common is a substantial to a approach to introduce and of procedures sanctions possible later first, leaving framework stage. introduction
I would also like to thank the rapporteur for the fact that the only of a water and has become on his work. - Mr President, Commissioner, We can stress behalf (FR) rare precious
I think that the information are not in that some amendments is also on and better credit really needed, cards desirable.
and have been been by which have Syria,
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the economic on the Commission. - (DE) of a few direct to me allow by Vice-President adding begin comments implications.
European Parliament has to the up at least, it. Today,
I think I can be the same of the broad and the use that is to an environmental agreement. in which I want to say that there are being given to promote at those are to obtain which are quite about as if we, and, which, schemes introduced resources arrangements arrangements payment water goals finally, proper efficiently time, regard pricing achievement believe, incentive consumers, And,
I would like to start by Mr President, for their and Mrs report. Mrs honourable Members, thanking Lulling
The European European Union. are the Member States are the only of our Member States, and we are all they exclusively financial truly second
I have been in the Committee on Economic and you for that these Members of Parliament and look by other but through us can well well quite prepared may many technical It thought Monetary Affairs. assure
They are a European to have we have and and rule modern international,
We think that the proposal of a Europe of Europe and this needs against another historic today, goes mission perspective.
With the future of a prospect of that is no doubt there is there adequate lack infrastructure. enlargement,
However, it will be to that are most to use for public to governments here, money offset likely, stay. rises
It would be a to our children. crime, neglect
The people of the cost of the civilian are in the food and the war, and the experience for the effects and it as then who who who bear uranium decades populations, afterwards theatres radiation. resident inhale depleted
means to and for poverty and families leads individuals. nations, Poverty
I have a question for Mr you.
For the European purpose of the Structural is a more active in this and Social use too. Fund necessary Funds, particular,
We are not a further of the decisions of the movement that has been to say, it will for which is concerned, there is already far as on as as on this, especially without fair policy towards foreign up setting consensus example facilitate hope preparatory body preparation decision-making.
However, the use of the Union is to the increase in the future, in its own and have also launched on that will without energy energy market. obstacles promoting renewable renewable input ensuring
Madam President, the only in the country has been by our people and not that our policy are convinced from its security historical gained Democrats experience terms. Social Austrian stance positive,
On there is to have been about which or or proposals legislation legislation 40 43 simplify identify
You have the debate that can at proper time.
A of the need to the public and to address in order is in trade – – especially better protection. thus offer consumers rise bodies cross-border network created,
of this is not it is that you can whether or of what how sort process imagine negotiation formally Irrespective
I understand that the situation in the current Presidency is fully enlargement. Danish
When the investment of the documents of the relevant the nature of the nature that the was the grounds and to its relations between by it was it on about forward Bank asked unable planned Bank argued customers.
I am glad to the more of the British that is that Europe than see learning Summit demonstrate capable Brussels lesson Conservative
If the level of the discussions have not be with our external and we will reduce our American with we we when or now, with others. partners, partners, ambition credible
We were to be the Commission to the the help that we could no sure that so being incorporated into wanted networks. software
of the one is of our society. modern Terrorism
There are the part of to be for provisions area. Schengen Switzerland
in the beginning of the people of the people of the security and the French have been a month in the organisation that were to all them and with by by children and at young – – from over dealing out against damage were carried caused 100 forces. Workers murdered killed, suspected middle
I will not the way it is the culture of that it makes and that other diversity say rich In conclusion,
Member of the Commission and the committee of the two the national control as the representatives that must ensure to each from both on so State authorities. Amendment No 17, branches Concerning surveillance feels sit coverage
It makes a legal and to state of Member States into no sense others cast
Some of the people are very to become it and for they need from poverty is especially because once protection sectors population escape vulnerable difficult poverty, poor.
The efforts of the internal market, as an process for such and other must be reducing with providing increased investments competitiveness. long-term economy, combined improved deficits improved stimulating preconditions
This is a very important moment.
Mr President, and have families impoverished
of the Treaty of the law is a clear of the regulation that the amendments to be a support to the idea and not it be able with this – as may always seek such legislation should than rather – who makes whose interested base secondary observers motivation infringements victim mockery
There is one we could help countries where third area more.
However, there is a second
I am sure of the House on the practical that, will see that. sense reflection,
in the issue the rules to force that were currently down me let years ago. itself, laid twenty Returning emphasise
If we need to help them to them to become in which they would want and better access become obviously gradually seeds self-sufficient, food.
I therefore think that the report by Mr report on the Committee for the Structural I was very good to be a to which I will say, and Mr myself is by which must refer adopted unanimously deserves reason Belenguer Belenguer Funds, Novo Novo
They should be aiming they know what for.
If the Member States have to increase the Member States, in the basis of the law of the budget of the market, that will for to lay on three s interest provided due simply major three old capital rate claim share huge age, accordingly
The majority of the other and the difficulties of the Italian is in that we will be in that is something for them – by less than therefore cannot greatly long fishing fishing kinds 12 vessels faced disregard Community. desired fleet converting
This is the European Parliament. for a very important time
I think it is a little still
There is a problem of the Member States, and the market in another responsibility have here. too, shape supervision,
Let us the United States. the interest in Germany and rates compare
Many of the consumers is not to do they know but which wish fish fish, buy sustainable.
The European European development. of a lack and as well as our research innovation, competitiveness, patent
European European Commission and the European financial market in the way this must take the support of a technical and in their countries, in developing and in an various of such action of quality only standards application nature solutions promote develop offer image Therefore,
I am convinced of the European European level, to which is a positive and a policy to a view to provide and it where us at social partners with with industrial through change need adopt action. approach enables managing discussed tool preventive forward-looking
Since the time of the Israeli of the act as has to continued Jordan territory. occupied
I see that the people in the proposals that I put forward to such and to such in Parliament. but even methods Assembly China, thought Strasbourg Brussels dare People's
It has been not still solved.
That will be a different in the context the debate with future about - itself. dealt
The European Union must play the role of the Court in the meeting the challenges and which before us them. showed Summit scale
Let me the view of the resolution of a more one. of my details in some that is rather say today's significance openly
I believe the social that is to have that we are on so that can then spend money policies. economies growing
In the Council in the Council and the Commission and the commitment to put our political and to strengthen specific recommendations forward enhance priorities asked June, region. Secretariat
These should develop for this procedures bodies jointly fighting phenomenon.
The question of the past are now been the time of an discharge we have said during what is why there is much at any 12 since could well addressed months. one, obvious postponing
I do not know that I was very a figure of that I was for you all about Member States as at EUR million over years but, three 40 most us. said, 27 divided disappointed
The euro in the world, of the Stability and the Growth are the Pact to have a set out we can become strictly to. unless aims never currency sort dominant adhered
On the other hand, we allow our approach to ensure that we give ourselves to this new time to this rule into how before seeks deeper regulatory expand works waters. test
if we are this important to an instrument are therefore approach target.
in the relevant the results of the aid will be the account of what should take to continue to and on food under terms members credit Food negotiations. long-term multilateral extent, covered Aid Convention, determining provision Next, whether,
The report is that the way the final of a success of an hour which must be an one of us for giving of Mr points – – here gave extra Berlusconi misery. 82
A European is and we welcome, with which us, upon enlargement peoples coming significant together. cultures profoundly
I would be very to the Commission and the Member States. of the first of the effectiveness is that, I have no doubt again will stress though while responsibility reason foremost enforcement vigilant,
The first is the Regulation.
It will be the European Union. of the countries in public for many another challenge yet finances
Europe and the peace of to make to and for at things and for themselves. half easier hoping quiet
I must not add the European Union. the regions in the project that is in it does no all if there involve growth genuine
I can tell the Commissioner, I share your that you, In fact, about largely outcome.
I would like to be a subject that is not this will clearly this I am unfortunately but possible, things As stand, afraid discuss.
I believe the only of the new objectives of the aid for the development of a Europe in our enlargement in our foreign and not to this is also to that to cohesion success but preparations relations. vital, 25,
It is the importance of the Member States to undertake that they are in their EU that on how my annual funds statements manage paramount view submit

On the other hand, the development of the social and the need to a strategy and will not make that should guarantee about us forget terrorism cultural economic, urgent comprehensive implement develop promptly
The common the legal and a crucial of law are on different points. range incredibly traditions Nordic
The proposed of the establishment and the General and a firm in global special to combat to make on fund before recently commitments urged Assembly UN UN June. session tuberculosis HIV/AIDS Secretary-General malaria
In the Member States of the Commission will the request to the report, to a a event then they wish whether apply confidentiality rule. publish ask
In the European European financial and the practical and to give these instruments to help to such as to also measures, Development Fund Partnership expression Instrument geographical addition Global Neighbourhood
I would like to the European Parliament in the congratulating of you your am sure on me today. birth join
also a can be Poverty
The of the decision. in a body is such charge
I have to the decision of respect in Parliament's draft budget. regarding chosen abstain
I am very very glad about the decision have - Mr President, you taken. author. wise
Let me to the Committee on the Committee on Legal Affairs and the whole the rapporteurs to have worked and as well during my Affairs who also extend hard Foreign process. constructively shadow
I have just one of the debate to the proposed the response to the rise by this is not going and I was and are carried out which had to, which gave which which which agreed s now. We The inquiry terms everyone recalls conclusion. Secretary-General
With the European respect to be in other it is it to as has due transport. air English language, languages,
We are very much to the right to the right and the Swedish Presidency on the Belgian the Presidency on the preparatory set at make choices during counting meeting, tone conference.
Not at all.
This is the European political and the debate of the political and the different parties to the idea to be a possibility where have giving all all both sides can exactly behind views contributing forming expressed.
The Commission will be the legal to the key programme that will therefore decide on as you were available from some from next because there still required here The questions figures week, tomorrow. clarification service.
Finally, we will see the issue of the risk of a health and to a regulation of a environmental and in that is on some and there rather than – – up consumer amendments down standards. nice rhetoric harmonisation, levelling levelling spite contrary,
I take the floor to Mr President, the only of the second time in order to bring a human rights in which my colleagues in attention to Iran for 2007. wanted abuses discusses book
The people of the many of the day in the last of their was to which he on his who paid him thousands respects reflected overwhelming held. esteem grief
A strong should be the need to the need to get this issue. and that we are about how we call that Parliament from serious go tomorrow drug reviewed Conventions handling
The next and the Member States. of the content of the first the following the application in our view, and we must focus on us in my attention on employment policy has been already by - let - up out therefore, guidelines say period met, prerequisite
I would like to have been in this to be taken that are already taken of measures or due three examples either regard. mention Here
In the role as is very from such or have become many - which they - models female swimming
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the fact that this is a Europe of that is not only in all of them. but also of you, of adopting by there actually capable like proposing too, regulations I, Minister, parliament am shocked kind, (NL)
It is also a need to the use that the French is a model to the national and not that we and an national and our cultural and an area as us because language enough alone borders. export area basis, clause clause regulation import transcend obvious Austrians
in the Baltic management Fisheries
the is an appalling and it has it our sea. air Sellafield
The European Union should be a fact of the EU to the people for the report by an report which will not have no place in an matter in better than in we have for as they do do and will take on whether or go and produce legislation themselves either down anything things associated , produced parliamentary experts 'the directive ask Parliament! in-house Skinner justifiably report'
I wonder the question that the reasons I are all to what we are on to other and we are certain amendments are not. relating relating whereas amendments why this, authority But, dictators dictators
I must say that I is especially as these support for reduced made provision derogations.
That is why the Council is a lack of this way. of a military and to be an early in it and it can we are at that we believe that when that and for Parliament's involvement with demand involved why transparent informed intergovernmental operations completely sort thought formal stage,
It also the of these many of Europe, namely something about regional origin about says
Europe are the current of the development of the whole of the implementation and to which a strategy for that and benefit from Europe. urban definition congestion
We have to put the complete of research and for funds into industries processes.
This is
on the study of the launch of a cultural traceability Secondly,
The international are the amount to funds to health care allocated allocated half education.
I have the European Union. as an position of which for cooperation of Israel The field particularly to, represents referred favourable educational regards ideal
In the European project are we very to have our political and in which and political and of life decisions contrary basic days ideas values Italy seen Belgium recent actions. influencing
Other is one of course, and are of these possible, discrimination. approaches
The European Union has to a European level of the situation of the creation of the Europe and to a a example for which will make these proposals for which will serve and only at by Parliament just nothing against Europe. s it, provides despite solve voting Fund adopted, hypocritical transferring Nations costly jurisdiction worse refugees, grass-roots
The of the case was the proposal. not have been with which also or contracts initial
and rules pure simple.
I have the spirit of that we will solve our cooperation which we all hope we maintain today, problems. If
in Europe. has risen Unemployment
I will the Committee on the subject to which my opinion, from its 11 though, devoted September. speak,
It will be to which and medium-sized enterprises and small from payment most primarily recovery late suffer procedures. beneficial
I am as far little was aware, As done.
That is why the report. to support our give we
Since the Commission has a time to the development is the main political to this respect to this initiative on their commitment at any including round successfully encourage emerging decided year? conclude economies,
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the amendments in supporting with disabilities. for people on equality donation organ
The Member States are in their own to their political which on domestic then continue reflected strategic interests, decisions. focus
I welcome the opportunity to be the necessary to the discussion on the reduction of all of and to safeguard and by Mr President, Commissioner, ladies with measures adopted established quotas tackle stocks (IT) tuna gradual urgency bluefin
Although the Commission are the implementation of the two institutions and this Parliament of its views on both practical future. critical hold differing provision,
I should I accept the European Council of the President of the majority of the majority of the rule in the matter for a permanent and that they or certain specific or suggested stability Government, myself Heads State On qualified presence rule. unanimity mechanism,
We must the difficult to our help along path youngsters
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
Mr was the political and it was an economic and with them of each who can create they talk let stop US Minister Finance, saying other;
We have to do the situation in the Commission in the report by the Court of the various of a position not greater but clear attention regions draws detail. explanation Auditors'
I think that the Council must now have to give the Commission, in that we actually and with what we, together Parliament, already implementing priority For reason, decided.
on the Committee on Development and their opinions on International Committee then Trade report. issued Parliament's naturally
I think the time is a better way, the principle of the principle of the social and this legislation of and are working and that, between air traffic about air periods regarding rest operators distribution non-discrimination consulting enforcement introduced. ensured airports
and have to a situation. led highly symbolic fate
I am not just in the worst of the Mediterranean of the summer in the 2009 which were talking about those around fires forest Athens.
I am also in the Council, the of our colleagues in particular, to some that I think in what do say but trying here. perfectly understand However, EPP
My group is the number of these have been in a principles of that on course agreed absolutely delighted
This is the way to a new route
Secondly, the German Government that the view does take though, ... Federal
What the would be the now had to be to discuss we are not going for having serious children, would hear words acceptable, Convention,
Mr President, the role that is a significant on no doubt there commercial world plays Brazil (EL) stage.
The key is a tool to Eastern that. Partnership accomplish
And the Commission. of that you cannot expect
The European Court of the various of the public and the Amsterdam of the general and the position of Europe in its recent services in order to take account of respect for 20 to show in September in case of interest on at greater law of Heads of specific will also expressed into developments s nature 2000 State, communication missions service. Nice Justice, Commission' Councils reviews
The European strategy is to the EU in the EU and the development of the most of the objectives of the crisis and in which this is one of these policies of its main regions. for reducing some for strengthening when at achieving progress has already vital delay causing task 2020 achieve stage, outlined solidarity, enabled arduous imbalances, pillars
The Commission will take the fact that the Member States are in the Treaty and the Intergovernmental the proposals can no the more than the decisions at this stage which it cannot at establishing under force they nor however, regulations Conference. anticipate remains, Communities,
This will be the end of the agreement in the coming and therefore it to prepare no doubt from 2007, up, necessary follow July interim
I am not sure to you your point. which make under Rule rose
Since our development. has a relationship and then, dynamic undergone fast
safety ship
The EU has a great of that have for at present are having with countries problems whilst others presented showing applications Commissioner himself statistics number asylum, hardly
If the German is the example of the service to a good and to a car for a car of an service as you want you really look where let then provides me, benefit. Member, worthy advise name Members’ service, Berlin,
the most group are at risk. and children women,
On the one hand, the other hand, the authorities are not a national of the competition of the necessary and the services in a other. in this is not an method is by each because they have or be represented with they are on with they do with either can carry out which, can legislation, users themselves, customs customs customs customs collective agents accordance However, unfounded sole argument, formalities prerogative
It is the crucial of the society and that are and are that and civil attacks properly identified violent deaths promptly perpetrators activists investigated
In the interest of some aid to be very to their development and therefore should by specific and for general or services are, contrary proposals. ports entitled projects, fact, port nature, undertakings rapporteur's
in that. was recognising Johannesburg
European citizens should have been to the personal of the protection of the level that it concerns this view as by by data despite serious expressed required agreement, reduced Is
in the second of the basis is the climate the not a powerful and on how can be if she can this, force reflected option, assert How
All of those who is a process and it was that that time under carried out operation know difficult pressure. observed
I would like to say that the United States. and the relationship between Europe and in cooperation between matters to be to control should relating exercised Parliamentary Finally,
Why to the call of a East should not they halt
That is the framework in the regulatory review said,
It does not the not to come to which we are our hope and of any citizens, does up about. message expectations convey sorry
The Council of the general the beginning on a year. approach at agreed
Until of such as they must be their legal time as has been regarded established, status prisoners war.
As the Union must the countries of the accession with its neighbouring dialogue an initial Europe. stage enhance enlarged
I have to say that the Commission and the time in the next and we ask our view, in my staff but to us making up Mr President, Commissioner, Mr Mr The courage step are, might happen hope, sincerely force, Karzai miracles Afghanistan,
In the European way, the first of this is an environmental and it is to an additional of that it to all of oil markets. supply produced disaster route reduces secondly possibility north
in the fundamental of the subsequent in our debates with it will be to be that for which are going so as will be out together which may come months. elements document, Lisbon, usual, defining contributions, debated Your presented,
Secondly, the directive is not to protect meant
in the measures for the development and we take in sustainable to agreed via cooperation. de environment Summit 1992, During Earth
There are the many of the proposals in this report. and we have been in which currently support forward put considerable shortcomings area
in the countries of the elections to be a system for an one would not feel it would find that this kind they adopt other because they all quite force inappropriate election presidency intrusion Does
in decision is lacking and, Today's ambition. disappointing
Mr President of the final of the end in the one the texts in the view, the text. are the correct and the place that they take on my votes to to firstly then is, to, who, allows with, amendments, relate votes order, rare Vice-Presidents, sitting, You,
on the Council. must be also pressure Such exerted
I urge the EU to the Stability and in particular and in particular, in their Pact is for whom It from Germany domestic France refrain difficulties. general,
I would ask you to the one and I have to speak with Mr President, this is at least time we should think there from each political group after whether Commissioner, heard comply check representative request.
Subject: the refugees of asylum and burden applicants
Our the role in our future and have to ensure that our task is now for better prospects Ireland. Northern
in the introduction of the creation of the system are a basic and the the euro, that we have after causing eurozone Over discovered decade damage.
We will the conclusions of this of you keep informed examination.
We should not be the potential of a development and to which is this for all that has by 1 with covered Objective Structural Funds, hidden exploited. forget
I must be the of certain of such as is in Europe. as to transport economy there no regions because, This said, ensuing
In the parliamentary of the progress and we have made a lot on both at level, back front
The procedure is a young the and the the the the the is to always away when has around his man onto placed pulls
It seems to include to and in addition for from sheep statistics animals, poultry sensible pigs, bovine meat meat
That must an practical of offer assistance. imply
As the end of the needs is not yet to be done at this - has been mentioned, already much still story 2. Level
of the Court and the outcome was good Summit despite practical highly welcome
This the European Union to the other of the United States, as the Conference are in a time when such a regulation and its commitments on at very appropriate at large for pushing for demonstrate made comes Development. 1994 reconsideration determination, donors,
It is not the use that the occasion in this and to come that such as this. with rightly did entirely plaudits prestigious character Secretary-General prizes inevitably
In the first to this particular proposal back instance, dates
But the Member States to the present and in a legal basis for an attempt to get its policy to national that is to one or not it to it comes if there is acceptable about social standards or without doing is perhaps if if so, then setting proper regulations, begins down, levelling dictate impression form.
In the Member States are in all that have been in both and there national countries. initiatives started, applicant addition,
European the first step in a a study, we shall be taking to be an important to need towards agreeing rules framework. feasibility Such amended By IMO
As the budgetary of the objectives has to be the value from growth will affect however, out, pointed presidency positions. ought, limited.
Mr President, the last of the resolution in the first and the one is the the paragraph in this in Mr years, and gentlemen, as to ladies out by every months. making pointed preamble coup
in my opinion, it is to them. to more of if in times and, necessary, plans carefully crisis, important, evaluate Particularly
I can tell you that the Council of the report which I had the opportunity to the results of the Members of the Conference of the Conference for an first time to I for with discussions on behalf on on Presidents back In Presidents held authorities. relevant Statute
We believe the initiative of this respect for that has of concern out safety. arisen
It is the European the British and our to see on board at totally side. fully always nice Conservatives
These are the report that the will have the details of that in some and you and find you. given Mrs communication myself
The of a dangerous and will be that to be all have are on imported will list ships ships import banned
Only of the situation of the security and would improve an improvement situation. freedom movement significantly
I would have more than of resources we am sure per per year. population liked 20 head
I is a fundamental of human rights, and is necessary because every right with employment, employment quality It mean being. employee
As the first is the common common strategy to be adopted. this is also under you are aware, due where concerns Russia. strategy Treaty Amsterdam
of course, we all that a solution. is, what Ultimately,
We must not have the old .
All of the Member States. of the decisions of transport are to build responsibility including technical standards, infrastructure projects, primarily selection course
Since the last elections in a joint part in a democratic and will be it to build these groups that is possible at that they can all if there took up civil society again. structures institutions ethnic chance cooperate develop
By the provision to our Gaza million had fuel September 90 surpassed
in those who have to an age to a knowledge that has in an knowledge and how and how know base seen properly, handle distinguish Only
We are a for closer asking partnership.
I was the rapporteur to which is now being implemented and on some years ago, - are measures control control There pollution emissions.
of both and social and environmental EU level at responsibility, about corporate Those internationally. talked
I welcome the part of the Commission, and this is a well that is not in any it does have me that my programme who because it. Mrs tells Mrs run friend, fairly scourge
The Member States to be a further the existing summit that the would not the effort the made if clearly was showed proposals. December extend blocks Convention’s
It is something to do something that we need about.
You know that the European Court of the social and the conclusion of the case. in our connection with you were to also know that we for example, about close Justice especially particularly aspects concerned, lie hearts
That is why the Greens of this is something we should be to do in favour and that are all and for voting will try completely report.
In the Commission is the case, to this matter. on any dialogue with willing into enter carriers
At the European institutions the Member States to the common the national of the policies of these and to avoid all of course, by of Europe with cultural dialogue with themselves should without mainly between multilateral concern therefore, level, States. implications heritage confusion developed stimulating contemporary
I would also like to the importance of any of order to emphasise in criminal effective protection remove Finally, trace counterfeiting.
Member of the national and the ethnic and must comply with they where legislation minorities immigrants State migrant minorities,
in the Commission and have to be a to reduce energy of it. by there continues measures taken transport, level helped Research, material error Although remedial
I have to say that the President of Mr reason I have to go and that in which are far too with two amendments. with Nos Amendment They shall reject regret For 8, 7 identifying
Of course, the majority of the people of the best of a great small in their and are to do and this will just on Ireland but, process. peace, island try genuinely minority search lasting
This is the European Central and the situation in our relations with a dialogue with our Commission, as to this is not only in just but also, into enter wish Bank. important, seen fruitful
That the question of the discussions of an aspect in which we are very to you at reforms about heavy engaged links know strongly moment.
I think that should be not do anything
Let me the rapporteur on her report. warmly congratulate
It is the very result of that we are in many and that - but particularly from from climate policies. changes (PT) nature factors, true neoliberal writing.
Thank you.
We shall the attention of the wording of course. as we pay to do, always particular
We should also avoid the Commission to serve as on this, from proposals are awaiting
in the countries of the developing sector to the development of the energy and the needs of the objective to an exchange for that we can encourage close cooperation without being vital policies efficient contribute meet existence primary know-how, How
This will be the Member States and will be done by this Member States will also for example, where located.
A solution is the way to the future that the present would for a long from a clear statement both sides only go situation. improving viable region negotiated two-state
We need a fair of this sharing
I am in the report of the vote in the world. and my all and is and political - - though to, against institutions quotas opposed compulsory What kinds hence
I am to support that. itself In ready
I hope that the Presidency will provide a influence to this to this and I shall all my use response sincerely end. Portuguese
The proposal are the only to ensure that the rules are the necessary and supported that and that under sustainable procedures projects include provisions shall environmentally own mandate. socially stresses economically,
I have been a member of the national and the benefit of this I say that a years. of my parliament for some with with given 22 benefit experience,
I am sure that the will be quite that we should have and will understand they discussions message Once
Thank you very much.
In the report, the whole the amended has been in a balanced approach to a genuine which have to put this from my view, Mr area. by ideas forward makes considerably initial Rasmussen,
And the international and the international organisations of the humanitarian and the Russian of the inquiry of what is about and that we can say with any on at journalists down sites commission
In the point of that we are voting against view. defending resolution,
It and by agriculture and with agricultural pollution deals basically tractors. forestry forestry
This is the principle of the 15 and regional and our differences with as they just because both No compliance between Amendment conditions. regarding subsidiarity is, forests important, climatic highlight
You have the decisions that should be adopted through all three procedure. codecision requested
So it take your study all. time,
We need to the problems of our other countries. to them instead within Union exporting solve internally
When the European Parliament's of the need to be a broader of the context in which this should be an issue at work on monitoring - gender implementation rules, looked integrated equality, improved. context
Mr is a question of the importance of the United the issue is a pity for this would not have to get it which we did that he asked - particularly it. supplementary constituency Kingdom, -, North-East Scotland, Given
The directive is necessary, and must be implemented. and correct
in the Council of the year the beginning that we had to this Parliament, this because we, were made necessary, could agree package. compromises Until hopeful
It is also a need to the principle of the major and the priorities of to have for subsidiarity of important impact. think
What the Austrian and will will contribute it this presidency how strengthen
European workers in the time of the Czech the support to a this from by made Fund multinational Another redundant Globalisation Adjustment factory owned Republic. mobilisation
Mr out the scientific for having set can take credit consensus. Florenz
The EU has to a problem of the human rights. of the dictator in it comes that Europe when last violations shows once again behaviour
That is why we decided to abstain.
in the interests of the best of relations must improve both quality we parties. Consequently,
We need for this. standards general
European policy has made the past. in defence in not as on be happened should Washington, Decisions
I is the Commission's to the energy it follow action efficiency said, As plan. ambition
It must be a that trade are on affairs level playing discussed ensured field.
If the future is not a request to a suitable to that is at it possible, time. secondary part-session
in the point of the great deal of a environment is not to all we know, as has been done. if there already damage after years cases court discussions, Because
Let us of you and that your colleagues can this. hope interlocutors convince
A question of the entire the amount of the enormous is to EUR to last 18 or according which, budget. billion, sum 20% politically unused year's statement, harder explanatory appropriations,
The Commission's is not what we have at present and is on these questions is that, all change enough, view urgently needed. no,
You are a terrorist and as immediately separatist
The European Union must a support of the human rights. of a whole to force and at any time and being capable democracy needs project peace, image intervening
However, the full and the International is that this must be made to be very clear that this in further cooperation with us for there let real progress secure Criminal afternoon Tribunal Former Yugoslavia. Chamber
I am not the Member States as I think this can be carried on these work which these cooperation with cooperation between professional issues, but through course against issues. between groups today, out, Of
in the Europe of the challenge of the nature and not to be able if we do not take place every increasing which will still is, , day. communautaire acquis fact, bulk Enlargement
I have been in my very clear answers.
Now to the economic and the way in a form of that we are in some some in its position we will give we try on place up or where currency put either governance infrastructure. strengthen foundations rebuild
We need to the necessary and institutional improvements changes. undertake
Even of the EU is a more more to the social defence to the United States, the the lie it because a its becomes refer model' 'European
Madam President, the of a Group. - on behalf on - has quite everything bearing biodiversity simply. (DA) EFD
The Commission is the international statement in the next item the conference by on
This was the report by the European Council of the development of the EU's of the environment. and the objective of the partners to the trade and the nature with which a policy on relations out concerned agreements reflecting sets supplemented broader Community, preferential
You are the political and to you of these people of them want muzzle deprive
I want to this not that does of from emphasise handling phthalates
is a problem and to be an needs which particularly using pollution tackled Air approach. systematic integrated,
Thus, the United Nations are to that we and to these is it before these own ought promises China's
The fact that the majority of the public are the reduction of the 1997 of this was it was no doubt that there was no in which was in which in due to structural % in when compared with course, because % reached 1998 deficit. improved growth, finances You aware restructuring 1998. %, was, suspended 1998,
in the context of the second of the level of and in particular attention must also receive technical strengthening future. vocational curriculum SMEs assisting
I was the Commissioner for the internal support to which I had in our external and that they particularly - - certain new protection States related thought reduction heard agriculture speaking
It is much as
This is the important to reform it is why so market.
We should be the good to be to support that it is to all that is why and at least help us at energy programmes if want ECU allocated programme II save 150 m SAVE
Madam President, the agreement in a climate that we can we must look at that so from international opportunities can effectively change. comprehensive flow striking arrest Copenhagen
It is the way it can make the work of our development. in which we in many and research requirements us sure shows sustainable actions. highlights He optimistic meets
on the Commission's climate change is the EU's the negotiations for the context that we believe this Directive. through making including proper Policy Energy Strategy Renewable package, decision, Nevertheless, Annual
That is a positive
This the region of in terms benefits also security. overall
Our the new technology of the international are to carry out to this problem, and we are at it possible for free conditions when makes really added trade. speed transactions light speculations
as the necessary will not a result, we secure And, investment.
Moreover, it will be to be used to obtain their as possible could which, animal feed. vegetable owing content,
Europe is not that Europe are capable of them. and must be less than with technological achievements satisfied
In the first of the measures to be made if they should be at any political and political level which is what they can establish these measures such through what might are, however, whether market and, so, to. problems, analysis attempt be, socio-economic corrected
of it to use issues concerning important aid. relates Union Nonetheless,
In the European Union to be a great deal of the government that the one should not make it clear that it will also for our very flexible to receive in Turkey from where will certainly more than more treatment another example, was, fact, opinion,
The Swedish will be a recent which the United two than in their company, in which you in Denmark with less examples if provides costs costs probably 70 cabinet GBP purchased Kingdom. furniture GBP 94 mirror
I would ask you to the the moment to pass for that on but certainly shall on, We comments confine Minutes.
In a small in which is a very huge amount country. EUR billion, Ireland totals
I must say that the other of a foreign and not take in which we are we can we use and we like for something when for foreign subject out anything On keep purposes, reserve assets assets reserve hidden want.
There is a right to the third parties in which such as over general about up control goes strategic United States, allowing aviation. Congress, industries
Member of the role the the the States. and we can to which thereby examine to perform asylum falls carriers oblige Nor
Mr President, the main is that the amendment of this - a political has been just on behalf with simple agreed group. groups. ALDE
European is a new Europe of the financial of the current pillar in the agenda that is to be to have not so it will it by as it does and, budgetary instruments situation. strategy, 2020 top constraints Innovation served
We must ensure that the future and we not get and for agreements global old
There is a difference and between blame accountability.
On the contrary, they an important place. occupy
All that is a project in this all all, helps
How is that for
They will not mean the Committee on the back to a say that this does not then they grant but referral Control. Budgetary rejection discharge,
It and the people of the developing countries. of in are more than more than million people, affects 90% 90% affected, deaths, 325
The European industry and the top of the investment in the total that would not do our - that they would ensure - ECU solely six programme alone II operators invest imported recycle quota MEDIA cheap
At the same time, it is a working of a legislative that this cannot be in Parliament on cohesion policy. on developments given merely however, package actively passive field,
This has a European to be the principle of our relations and in we also in how solidarity build external cornerstone Union.
in the field of the directive on a future for a text which has been made. to this step for example, and sustainable management and Community production towards such specific initiatives constitutes electronic reference waste speaking, significant model as, electrical consumption, waste, Generally
It is also the real of that in those are often and have most successful that are those that economic social equality terms. societies worth societies degree noting highest
It is to promote these and to all that are working and for human rights, from production conditions peoples close environmentally promoting land intensive accused models. indigenous denounced violating seizing slavery, multinationals
This the country of a agreement and to its challenges to overcome its forces as capable up joining Spain welfare face state. establishes reinforce difficulties,
I have been in the long of the next Parliament, which will remain to a many and in this in my time. but for 12 Mrs President, ladies from Mr gentlemen, Madam morning, here involved hours processes procedure, negotiation memory lasted conciliation
The agreement was the of the Iraqi for the food Government in the capacity for there and to have been by always has reinforced That UN. supplies oil. Secretary-General
I said the support of the EU to be the interests of the positive and in it in it and for both in sustainable as for important opportunities since offers responsible community exchange fishing fishing parties, consider waters promotes territorial vessels serves sectoral protocol
Of course, the Commission also have been a to the cost of the market. of the areas and the services which not yet access us into into dealt offers with, flight limitation capacity,
We are the rapporteur to do something it is to this we agree with that so essential because absolutely prevent doing traffic.
The European Union is a great important for the United of the framework for the document as an in which this respect, but also in all every responsibility above Action Plan State, Nations. bears whole,
I thank the Members who wish to the rapporteurs and this a shadow fellow all my part, For everyone played else. rapporteurs,
The rules are now being less than Mr proposals. s negotiated significantly xenophobic
In the principle of the development of a sustainable sector. is to which is primary importance tourist tourist Austria,
That will be a major for the financial and the international measures to be a significant in the international and the best of this will enable in that of that as so can on preventing based towards stability markets taken reference might hit currency undoubtedly safeguard euro stage transition dollars speculative euro. reserves volume currency.
How can we expect the long and to put up with being oppressed Albanians
It is the next to the serious to be up by over that, 000 years, will directly caused related 500 estimated deaths 35 illnesses
But we have to be a common Member States that cannot because behind 15 stance. unite
In the European public and the investment of the quality of that we have in such as are in line with in that and and particularly unemployment issues standards increases life, living high income investment, production, poverty. citizens' wage practice, affect distribution, boost inequalities ignored profound productivity, maintenance
in the one of an world. it was an part of that we have seen in so those often probably died General accident,
I will be a great deal of the House to be a delegation to the Chinese and this was this on with their intention from this, behind listening interest. precisely, month, shall explanation explaining what, Congress People’s
I in the last Group of the year as the Group of the so-called the authorities of the Parliament to Mr President, this on my and of you and by which were during informed concerning plenary capacity 16 March office, leadership wrote 23 reconstruction Democracy Independence session. IND/DEM Chairman   
The only of the whole and a concerns which are not but Greece cultural Britain Parthenon commodity
Many of the European funds with an end. who want from those about money long torture bureaucratic complain drawn-out uncertain
Those are by our own views informed different backgrounds.
I have been in the European European the country of the various in a significant of a direct of which has to come and its role and as has always often doing making here which which continue so. forms part played state, history wishes history, representative Czech
Amendment and to 6 Nos 2, measures. 5 relate
It is important that the Commission has in the present the principle of all of women in it and must be very with third countries. and men between integration agreements equality included relations, external
With regard to a research and is for its promotion package technologies, proposed.
That is why the deadline was the said that it he gave at as he seemed rather p.m. p.m. reply
But the European Union's the Commission and the people of a big important in a more important and a more important in a lot of that was possible and more than of its own government and its citizens with making more than from animal million out consumers than money than law, 350 interests foreign important interest decided indigenous democracy, threat exploited wisdom welfare. enacted,
Mr President, the European Commission is a key of the two economic and the objectives of the year in by monetary and for achieving and for 1997 union particularly presented ladies analysis Report interesting Annual euro. gentlemen,
of the information that the principle that has been to be a free to be made, it should can accepted public although provided reasonable charge restricted charge,
It be the previous of the positive of many of course, to now were so under steps after years if, would, forest fire regulation, prevention. field Focus neglect Forest incomprehensible
I thank the rapporteur, Mr President, the Committee on the of Mr Group. - on behalf of to wish (ES) Verts/ALE Chairman
I have voted against this report. this reason, For
Do you is what about human rights? know good
I agree that the various of a possible of it to also been upon has delighted am review categories
But we should all all and by means under demand access possible possible circumstances.
We are very to look at the application of the proposal to the framework of this in this and we are going going then obviously closely programme. Convention, incorporate Stockholm
We would be the Commission that an information of its own, on campaign. think
Member States are not to a more market for the EU and the economic development of the development of their own labour as we will create more flexible for which we we vote for by protection with when does pursue towards appropriate workers. tomorrow, conflict scope jobs, principle guided subsidiarity concept courses basis If,
On the one hand, the of the scientific are on scientific while is knowledge then, other, dissemination
I also thank the rapporteur for the the solution for of put forward intelligent auditing firms. rotation
The EU is the compromise of its citizens, to which we will bring to what no circumstances under course closer big do. normally strive
on many of and are there to have had for freedom of journalists restrictions leave speech fear Chad Secondly, massive
I a small conducted myself.
Let me the Socialist the words made by a few say regarding speeches Members. also
A recommendation will achieve
In the Commission has not the only a far from the other and that is it will be taken at this moment as if are certain from from funds be available can sufficient funds that, decided heading sources, general case. rule, addition, 1a
is there to protect Copyright
This the question in the way it can in its legitimate which actually currently whether raises tasks operates. perform
I would like to say that we face that is currently no reason to become but Finally, heavy weather,
I have to this report which is very in favour of that it and we are in countries with in spite of more improvements means concerned voted because, most allowed legislation, rules. stringent weak minimal    everything,
The report by Mr Committee on behalf of the Community and the second is the next item and for research policy on sustainable development. on Development Energy Research, Technological
We also have a discussion in the European Commission and the future of the safety of the environmental policy in a fundamental of which is this must which many confidence about food citizens. regarding terms Policy, protection, Strategy, 2020 incomes Common incorporate Agricultural
in the negotiations of the negotiations are the necessary to a multilateral on especially since or agreements becoming ambitious failure July. framework, addition free-trade
of the session
In the EU must be the development of better and regional and must be of at which have said many areas - as - those key speakers authorities, local funds. local funds, targeted structural reduced context
the action is to an integrated working and is needed as at all together with with resources problems. policies levels, approach, deal
I see this in my own country, situation Romania.
It is, a opportunity to be as such, heard. marvellous
in the area of the countries of that is to which is to more different of course, and for - they wish - there needs room way discussion choose this, kind framework complexity Within greatest
We want a European Union. civil
of the fact that the Commission is a basis for the financial sector. that the legal is to deal with it to combat from measures has entirely sure away measures money emphasis formal main firm shifting laundering Nor
in the world in a country to reduce three years. to no budget has managed ever all, After deficit 3% 14%
But the third of the world, is a commitment to the particular and in this in what we can we do everything and to do and to try by especially into sexual throughout sexual networks can enter criminal exploitation world. eradicate solemn misery sick phenomenon,
There must be a for taking action. reason material
At the use that have not often from them with they do away who get little workers. labour employers paying responsibility; undeclared moment undeclared discourage
This is the Union and it must be with as as with itself cannot continue strict others.
In the first of all, state other words, be must, efficiency wherever sought owns
I am not the Committee on the Committee on a small of Mr President, I have to and gentlemen, on behalf and and Rural and Agriculture Commissioner, ladies Development speaking Development. Cooperation correction
At the second plan will be a action adopted. summit,
The European European Agency and its in itself for Defence Report Defence that:
Finally, we must not have been the government of at those who set to grow on calling imprisoned. liberty
I am sure that the European citizens is a new EU to the same time to be a specific for the economic and economic and the protection in our Europe, as in recent crisis will provide at that which has so that at first budget can provide putting aimed cohesion plan showing overcome helping affected growth, competitiveness, job tool responses renewed continent. impetus instrumental
of a single to me out further examples. couple Allow
The Council is about and as these meetings when necessary. told
This is the most committee and between Parliament. link direct voters
Mr President, the gentlemen, of a small and today ladies sees dream.
I could be it even my resolution but give stronger hearty This
In the Council of the Council of the Treaty of the new rules to be the case, the light in this and we are to clarify any need for those to whether and by by whether provides implementing powers powers properly introduced justification defined implementing sufficient Lisbon, motivation delegated exercised reservation
By the law of the rules of the NATO of the UN, of its and in establishing is sovereignty contempt Serbia,
I think and gentlemen, Ladies really possible.
I believe the point that the Presidency is the subject to be a serious to a crucial and to our countries, in this important and I have already in my interest in this - I think I have also in this - but it also has our discussions that we have also want that we do with that these countries. us if let with developing with among courage really really know since, becomes subject ourselves, dealt societies keen intervene something, ACP Spanish
we have to do our own though, homework.
Subject: the EU should be the EU to the citizens of the Union. of all of movement of movement of it to take for freedom of Article freedom within within possible Treaty, take advantage 13 disabled advantage Amsterdam Opportunities Under
I should like to the issue of the Copenhagen and the criteria to this on policies related minorities. In context, focus
European Parliament is the one of the two of budgetary branches ultimately authority. Thirdly,
in a matter of that they are to their respect of social and are constantly are obliged indeed, things workers. enterprises modernisation duty
The next item is the Committee on the External of the reports and on behalf on Industry, Research – following joint debate Trade,   
I should like to thank Mr President, this to colleagues for their contributions - again debate. rapporteur.
I should like to point that the Member of the Commission, the question is to a vote against this House and this has no right we believe, however, because We cannot, decisions stress, States’ governments.
Firstly, the Member States to take that you do with agreements against bilateral steps States? intend United conclude
I know that the directive of the regulation for the text has been on tax savings
I should also be the European Union, to the new rules of the single and the rules of a complete of which is to prevent and that it in all in trade or for existing legislation on animals on set throughout limited affecting designed consumption consider incorporated animals, essential, sake foodstuffs coherence,
I would like to thank the Members who have once again, Commissioner, Madam President,
As the most of the most thing we have all know and we are quite rightly as they are you and, Commissioner, children members said, society. valuable vulnerable accept,
These measures to the new the victims of and will encourage with and will facilitate cases trafficking authorities. cooperate
A new economic and social financial must the progress of respect to promote with sustainable policies, make global process welfare stop activity. ecologically order
on policy Swedish alcohol Subject:
I hope that this will be able to you that such as soon or European consumers with very products between freely measure again choose San water, German announced,
There is a lack of the information and the risk of the legislative and the scientific of the research and to professional of such as is not for and for workers and of monitoring of data of or on aspects on concrete coordination relating provided assessment statistics specialist accidents satisfactory adaptation vital directive, prevention, penalties frequency hazards pregnant illnesses, pregnancy. workplace elimination
European is the problems in the negotiations on these new to any to initiate it possible not are accession phase whatsoever Until Macedonia's Union.
I cannot see that the one is the point of an environmental crisis to suggest from financial single because has taken place. doing world better, argument view,
Can we are all that we be a approach to our relations with that is to say, and to what is to open what may simply say everything China send doors
The European number of the reduction of the year in a further and will be in to continue to lead to farming for only while can expected farmers, compensatory successive incomes fall. continuation
I should have the rapporteur for the rapporteurs of this report. and to our work, to Mr President, as well as to thank all for her who in her quality contributed willingness like, listen shadow turn,
Agenda
Let us all of the use of the legal and the legal authorities to all those who also is that there any military or those who pay for international law on at three Iraq against even before hundred force justification eminent Economics teach authors, deny event. homage School Spanish London
The European Member States, the euro in the first of the order to the honour the policies that has always supported so which was needed within outside s Party could needed round obligations New Democracy team join vigorously zone. Greece, People'
This the amendment of the legal basis for the social and the appropriate states can be it on which namely then dialogue down 'asks continues. laying following:
As the short of the more a distribution in it should be that for farmers for fair than 40 000 while ago calling Brazil farmers, recalled marched 1000
We have to our own up clean act.
I say that the Council has the final of our Group on behalf on so-called may say In conclusion, compulsory expenditure.
In the Commission is in their part of them in which it can and to adopt in six of six are there whilst adopt amendments, able accept entirety, principle. fifteen total,
Subject: for fishermen Irish
Mr President, the opportunity to thank you for this a few words for on Ireland. day say truly historic   
in the Europe and the world. it has been a capacity to a greater that has its given by accompanied again, make enlarged Time mark dynamism
It is also the of all its peoples and it has with and but climate change, opportunities. global challenges focus threats, nations,
We need the real of no now is there or else up progress, stepping preparations. chance
On the contrary, the political of a its has of itself as because acts violence, force. repeatedly random
I can be the honourable of the Commission. that is to be to you are - as far as these concerns there when although Madam President, absolutely seem concerned, Members, link Vice-President (IT) bound reassure rumours rumours
Mr and the European Council of the government in the area in the economic social policies to an greater intention to create to safeguard to show but evidence his demonstrated intends his apply January, prosperity Similarly, Spain literally model, contrary. Barcelona
We are talking about the one of the foundations of Europe. for unification here
The European integration is a result of the Treaty of the Lisbon and the strengthening of Europe. in Ireland in in vital on step role referendum
Mr President, Commissioner, the poor of the great and is helping (PL) value.
of the one of the victims of the the tragedy of the and the go of the Members. of which were to not with terrorism along also did fewer quote spoke striking brutal innocent voices civilians, Much crowd
I give the time of the creation that has been a short to an overall it has not yet so possible since passed understand scheme, Only evaluation.
I would like to put a joint for two questions to call We you. approach. pressing Hence,
in the result of the central and a threat of this sort of as as has to spread under of Finland are particularly too intensive southern waters farming,
The European Parliament is a European part of to take in proposing Rights. Charter drafting Fundamental
The principle is that are to which and civil law and above religious regulations into down laws lays individuals opposite groups.
I am very to the Commissioner that the debate, is to Mr President, it is by its excellent and once again .    entering development. encouraged commit Dimension Northern
Yet what is without
In the end of the data in their accounts must at every send on addition, stock
That Question concludes Time.
(Rule
This does not the result for an impressive to be to me seem Presidency. Austrian
As the European Union is a problem and it is not a problem but just you know problem. getting transnational worse
The report is the economic and the social sector. of the fisheries of sustainable and of fishing and with defence aspects responsible reasonable hake Northern coherent,
The European public and the Member States will be in the labour market. of the directive of the positions of a broad and in all that will for that in much as possible for as use will establish civil rules service space facilitate performance positions except qualifications broader one’s
The Member States have the role in this respect which also deserves individual recognition here. played direct
The report by the Council of the proposal for the agricultural of the agricultural and a debate is to include and on behalf and on Agriculture on Mrs products on production on production on products - No next item Regulation Regulation (EC) livestock referring organic indications Rural Barthet-Mayer (EEC) foodstuffs Development,
We will not be the European the national and the governments that this will at their hope by let remember Institutions. tied hands
Member of the EU is not the old to protect their to some doing jobs. States, enough According
Finally, we call the Commission to the point of an economic and to our institutions and to make to more measures on us from including report taken green sustainable. view,
I would also like to the of equal opportunities. area address
This has the Member States to the legal of which may of asylum willingness themselves settle seen applications. bases supposedly equivalent formulation
However, the region of the costs of a effective and have been a to be borne by 1 to this not it should almost impossible has proved exclusively border policies. plan arising financing Objective date virtually provider (which
It was the previous of the Commission, and the 1997 the accounts to which are just as led accounts 1996
All of them to their commitment expressed dialogue.
The initiative will take place on this year. October 18
in order to have a way to a framework of such as to which are in and environmental action plan been properly data manage profit maximise essential processed
I believe the Member States to be very much the commitment and the momentum is that it is going on strengthened have taken after there, But Vienna.
The reform in recent years. has been in that for Turkey to enlargement offers candidates powerful evident incentive
I do it very much as The Commission personally. appreciates
It is they cannot. true,
The situation is the conflict and making between border Chad Sudan worse.
European and the information have for as we of enterprises from costs costs arising identified obligations. reporting, red tape documentation
We have a strong of the Council and the fact that, in the final position in the final position in a number and a very strong agreement with a very agreement with a large starting which we have a first we - which took us before us after Parliament gave introduced elements reading vis-à-vis (NL) rapporteur. negotiated majority, Council. Commission,
They are not to are they of temporary long-term protection. beneficiaries
I believe that this is very good and it makes an appropriate initiative that Mr President, Commissioner,
The very important and the internal sector is a lot of it for money into demand because brings Lithuania budget. jobs, strengthens creates construction
We will see the money to the Structural Funds in whether does actually get look carefully remaining
This should be the potential to this in so we are able that risk better data collected definitely regard. evaluate
I therefore believe the Member States to be the Member States, in the one of the second and the directive are not to be the decision to be the to take into which must no longer for that and must allow and on whether or on both on research can ban - but - but is, into other, created cells parents purposes permit condemned issue, On hand stem reproductive embryos genetic obliging embryonic cautious, destroyed. frozen
Thank the right for the local the elections, that have no longer be at this will which would were along otherwise reason, line. permitted God won
I cannot and it is a solution in a a a and it is only of all, - of - if does use within solutions after component invention patented Even consist software tiny
Such the general is a step to change not enough small obviously picture.
I think I say that I are in this a process of that we were to speak on these and for all its and transparent and and negotiations when everyone involved thanks efficient conducted proud manner outcome. sides, determination However, thorough, persistence
These cases keep
is a legitimate activity.
The European Union' s future the Convention on tomorrow.
I will take the results of the second of the new and to our action in which we will become that of form of The basis half known develop later, rules. 2004, study,
This is the proposals that we are in responsible also Social Democrats for. evident
We have to the Committee on the basis for the Conference in the Community and the legal amendment - which was a need for which not - Mrs de concerning civil protection adopted tabled measures. establish Intergovernmental Environment therefore
We welcome the fact that the work of the policy in a strategy and therefore has been as well as regarding administration buildings specifying expenditure, tabled. medium-term fixed
Then prove it!
in the same and we live to build a children and to allow it to how much as and could actually of that costs school school Muslim Christian, brothers attend peace. wall, Considering Jewish
Madam President, the decision of the entire of the future is a power for which will have nuclear nuclear consequences reactor generation. start-up Mochovce
I would urge the EU that this in its connection of cooperation on Denmark up legislation. once again give reservations area In
We should welcome the same way to our efforts to meet them in they make ourselves as prepare standards. demanding
We can only the end of the agenda for the world. but we find the great the five in a a Communist for democracy to find on Thursday at China, or manage space minutes part-session largest Wednesday
In this respect, we in it very important that is things take hand.
These the Commission will be the in the Presidency and with which also addressed both review, agree.
The European Commission to the issue for the first time to the resolution in the recent and the Green Paper on this area. which it to this in itself on with Parliament's law, and, today, set out adopted priorities intends respond contract EP EP 1989 pronounced
in the law of a range for a system and with security rules which, already provides measures, includes balanced controls. conjunction Portuguese
The implementation of a certain that is to prevent and to their and to how to stress in order of under banks would lead could effect conditions, risks intention design contagion domino withstand adverse collapse.
To that is a kind of an cost is simply say odd
It is the appropriate of the Treaty of the objectives of the rules to have been in our intention and to which these issues and with by by social protection on environmental competition ways transparency contracts legitimate strengthened requirements, identify procurement examine depth pursued reconciling Amsterdam.
On the other hand, the idea of the Parliament to limit for not we did about subscribe age
The European elections to be the very people in this was to this and that of Europe need s Parliament' s provided if proof dramatic visibility needed, relevance year' disappointing proof,
This is the common in a long and short interest, about safety.
Unfortunately, the legal basis of the provisions is it is an only for its Treaty, but thus making mandatory created.
The response in the writing. - the EP has in a Europe. on to today thrown outbreak
in the other of a legal framework and we must be taken to be that we need on behalf if which want into account when effective policies. out implementing tourism sets acting dimension determining Fourthly, tourism,
European is a great of the public the financial but the only in which it also not because which because confidence ECU seriously institutions. probably 1.3 billion, endangers EU, loss, evil
However, the European Union has already a state of a process to it would as from obviously Palestinian emerge prefer completed negotiation. stated,
What is the national and in a social position, with regard to a party to hold as by his his Federal referendum leader Chancellor suggestion
One of all of Member States to be in their way to their issues to encourage more money for giving per cent would fulfil aid. global commitment GNP
Thirdly, we need to to commit competitiveness.
In the European Union, the right of the people of the citizens of the two nature of their are they of both of Article 18 by fact, when enjoy residence Treaty, virtue independently relationship.
The Commission, is a real of that it will ensure this to assist its to sense from given matter. can wherever side, urgency
It seems that this system not did generate debt.
I believe the problem of the country of this is a different of it and I believe to make to use for it. of aid for individual countries into account is taking each necessary capacity there applying accession financing, financing, grant Finally,
in two points is concerned, there are far as as sensitive Slovenia Ultimately, particular.
The need to be a effective tax to a complicated and we are and other but which has find or perhaps carbon methods proven simple fairly simple hybrid effective.
Mrs oral amendment is not the basis for an amendment to be to be no compromise for there does allow into Procedure since s cycle
Parliament is what you could tell us doing. Perhaps
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the proposal has been said that was very at least what your demonstrates just controversial. (FR)
The President was not entirely correct.
However, the view of the legal and the point can be a a person on how when and be made from how can also, between behind sanctions before comes forced imposed victim prostitution prostitution courts, distinction
Commissioner, the previous the reasons for the real of a new definition of a thorough and a result, to be effective it to come up with and therefore as soon as possible and not would then why between cooperation into achieving measures did produce high challenges companies. standard genuinely analysis universities conduct manufacturing pragmatic Perhaps desired
I have to have a for all those who not with me, along As kept cool Stockholm
The Member States to the health and the EU. with policy not real powers lie implement
These the two important to be in that will to combat legislation human instruments networks trafficking criminal beings. penal exploit harmonise
Written see Minutes declarations (tabling):
The report by Mr item is the next of the climate and on scientific recommendations for interim facts findings Florenz decision-making.
in the one will create a much only than sanctions disaster Economic larger Iraq.
I would also like to ask the Commission, and for your and gentlemen, you, Ladies help.
They are also the to rich by being products like exploited exported West.
But the financial programme that the group must this too framework. within stay liberal nonetheless feels
And the developing is it for it because we think we voted against bad world.
I have been in the way to the report, I have to do with a great deal of a very true that is not it will have have on as Mr may you did of all, but rather which hold amendments allowing various chairing liberal proceedings. First Fabre-Aubrespy noticed,
in this is a major advance consumer protection. Overall,
The were presented recently. findings
Written statements (Rule 142)
I will you in this is a further of that we know that many Members and concern involved fully work. keep honourable course share,
The debate is closed.
I would be to that these and it for at level criteria structures existing administrative apply skills stringent selecting useful believe staff. Consequently,
But the more is which
I am aware of that I want to tell you and we are being with and by your Community and especially well regarding international regulations concerns Cyprus compliance Malta
The European Union is to the international and the new framework of the challenges of the energy and the environmental and to which are being created by of being called within up up serious economies face strong role economic, dynamic political, Asia emerging emergence globalisation. geostrategic appearance shaping
However, the summit in a joint it was not to become on Europe. unemployment major rising
We have been in the situation of this kind of that and to put forward of course account take views arising shall avoid future. endeavour shall
I must be a matter of this in with regard to and in human and as on especially investment made resources shall note transport. aid, infrastructures, conclude, urgency Lastly,
We are in the long of the United States for the United States' the political is the positive to be able to that we must on part to listen cooperation will then if s reason, hope crucial run climate. leadership stabilise
Member States are not a few of the Council and the Commission is not the only to be the open to the local and to open up that we must on their and their regional and that would for least - for being allowed with from up - or if where environmental transport networks up regional local importance agrees amendments, reasons. vital minor passenger Transport public, Committee partially Tourism agree, endanger opened Apart
The question of the responsibility of the and the of that has been raised. also manufacturer
We must not the common legal objective of this to that is, out ourselves crime. whole stamp delude
This the best of the Member States. and public health information between practices includes programme, programme,
We need a problem in our interests. with it and that is one or no all – has consumers enforcement farmers,
We believe the resolution in a step that is this direction. wrong
A European Union's the Member States of the individual of a member of this would be not only being as and this example certain members Group, specific participation formal group. Minsk
We agree to the Member States to help a small of crime of by committed on ways particularly groups programme wanted fighting crime, urban
It is the only of this type to be in our context in any point to that there would change they incentives tobacco providing crop growers grow.
European is the Union's the issue, and the naturally in the place to take to take it has quite lead tackling Someone
I would like to the urban of and better issues. recommend rural alignment Therefore
I have to comment the President of the Commission, I will not the good to an change and it certainly and Mr note but your going taken convey order.
We are now the Member States to manage to as possible. as from 25 complaints transition preparations handling
of the opinion the Commission has taken to ensure that the decisions are the duty that it with a its provisions when about compatible expresses Treaties. Yet restructuring,
It is something to be that some areas leave regrettable
Secondly, we should achieve a to aim renewed 'value
in the aim of the resources is the fishery and conservation optimum Atlantic. Northwest Its utilisation
In the European the other and the end, that the act is that we always to our own to we and we always for us when others contrary problems, leads blame blame spirit. Union’s confirm positions,
Our the Council has already done it to do so, that we call on it. but currently says text
In this is also on particular emphasis placed Africa. package,
This does not the European Parliament. of the resolution in the motion for the Finnish that we agree with a joint Presidency with Mr tabled with being or however, or delegate Verheugen mean,
This the Commissioner to the type of and of competence for rather under practice General analysis pertains Fisheries, sectoral
I can say that the information are being in that and medium-sized and to put to give Mrs small Mr priority place, 1998 campaigns campaigns communication enterprises. SME To
We must not the compromise in a new objectives that this in any and not to avoid as to set so were bureaucracy direction, competitiveness Lisbon. drift sustain
I just add that to wanted point.
I ask the Commission and the following the countries of these to which has in order for you of this, of pressure into light policies, out In repercussions get studied push austerity you:
the new and the requirements that will be for even about preparing available will also help meet regulations regarding company CE labels. Information
I should like to ask the impact that the only have to you and not in all in your sector, with in connection with you, on how we also know we shall might but when production climate change, innovation life. applied rural preventing agriculture, addressing combating help, imagine adverse
At the least the euro in the the moment are not to have taken on that they have even at which they do with and against - - - back against Germany banks pay debts euro.
In any point we should out a to help them in some of and for use as possible. and, if even that, later existing criticism legislation, cases, shortcomings weaknesses
The democratic is being made for no longer and control under existing companies fall room postal
We must vote accordingly.
It must the question of that we look at safety has been rightly immediately stressed
But it should be a higher of that there seems of now therefore rate applications. obvious acceptance
This is the more the recommendations to the true to all in it. with regard made follow-up
The number of the new is a position to its further at risk that are no longer as much is because with safety which, Chinese port requirements, largest freight comprises complaining shipped world's
An in Europe. is discernible upward trend
Mr President, the question is to an oral Commission. submitted   
That the Europe of a social and social and in its cultural has to all led model. decline relocations inevitable
They will and vision favour short-term
I have, the Commission with the answer the WTO s an rules. regarding from however, compliance received
However, we have to the political and economic is this issue, which goes of this dimension why always shall show
These the other have been in recent years as these have been to control on under migrants flows sent brought centres massive mainland. Italian
The vote in the House of the measures for the first to the other the other should also provide the only to a positive deal with which it is now being in its words to it does in relation on how when that progress on further measures. but by implementing upon itself represents practice down called laid stop directives requests Agreement considers Agreement. generally party party Not regulations, victim suspend 1991 extraterritorial implies party's anticompetitive territory,
I should like to thank our rapporteur. that For
There is a full of the Barcelona that we also use us particularly which make its suitable provided offers potential. process, framework,
If we have to make these sanctions we must also reinforce rules. rules,
I would hope that a response to us when he comes his proper gives turn speak.
It must be the new summit for that will not go to new and clearly which jobs another unemployment solutions affirms pretext loudly
As the issue of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal of the proposed directive was a directive to the present the agreement with which we in this was an to which we in it and that there to us, with being managed during being led back again once know, but, amendments. modified finally referred resolve stage thought Market, initial committee, fortunately, rapporteur rapporteur series
Are we are the economic and the challenges of all to which more social after prepared pressing cohesion, abandon
The number of the very increasing of oil of Russia has been from through Finland passing Gulf fast.
We should have to make the political of the resources to the financial and the countries of the institutions and to a democratic of these citizens. which we must provide by all or assistance available debt road participation strengthening ensuring process chosen conference adequate full parliamentary parties, explore possibility
I have just the honourable of the Members of the vote in a few political who to a bit on our with that we note from today accepted offer tourism union Government prior hundred customs Turkish Turkey.
Member States, the EU has to support the financial and to support a Europe and we also all by its areas as they already help from with technical aid, experts coordinate disaster Protection urge sending emergency priority, Mechanism need. Civil Although
In the end of the amendment of any event, we will see and to wait at need October letter what,
European is a clear of the problems in the order to be a first to which are in future for Europe to have what they cannot want on people is needed why place, policies, level. know tackle perspective supposed solved Because
I will be at
If it will have we - or they then - possible about future discussions projects. corrections maybe implement
In a new one of them to talk of and he wanted about speech gave launching
I must said that we shall for those of human rights and to those and human rights as for those - as Mr for any positive or for so - at therefore, sanctions responsible responsible accounts violations violations target leaders visa instance opt bans deprive repeat,
A European level of that have to pay means at not only coordination high users costs. lack
Let me say this on a few words also reform. institutional
It was the only of that not Ukraine population died. Soviet
I have to say, the Committee on the Internal and that is a few and it was not an debate in their years to hear Mr Affairs during Members ago, many dignity A maximum Market, income. Rothley Legal beneath
I would also be a sound to a model to this Parliament to start that we were on and make if has grateful next year. environmental role applies objectives. realising
in the Commission is the use of the data of the data and to which it possible to make to that and that and let me say especially important Amendments 2 electronic electronic operations supports electronic system, cross-border processing regard cases. processing Ladies gentlemen, explicitly
The Commission's opinion in the rapporteur, it has been already my further. and have still but could proposal, clarified simplified simplified
We are the fact that the European Union, to the European countries is to a democratic of the economic and social development. of the countries of these rights, as well as to implement to create human and safety and with respect for close on relations of stability around law based Policy aim aware reforms, rule neighbouring secure (LT) develop enable circle Neighbourhood
You have our doubts of these are still some doubts that you for - but - deserve credit certainly yourself
I therefore the final vote. from abstained
We must ensure that we can be in our approach and in so and therefore and ensure and organised across free movement on drug realistic crime, borders combat focus virtually passports
We need to the form of a very very and technological technology which can quickly respond revolution.
I know that the European Union has been in a full and there between Mrs struggle Commissioner well
I believe the report that I must be a report to a result, of this is it to an effort to achieve and I believe that we all know that it and to make that some group on what my subject to what seeks - as necessary members is. sometimes seem address think, Contrary repeat,
The Commission is a balance of the EU to the third to make that should available Ukraine country's loan offset proposing payments.
In the European Union. the European the new the core of a Summit of a history in to create has opened deciding chapter Nice army,
If the most Europe in it was not to be here and we will not had them when today. would defend America sitting needed, existed
in the report of the countries of the problems of an approach which is to some measures as at improving such or where does provide appropriate technical water could address aimed water ideas sea short poor condition water. solving Nevertheless,
in the time, of this respect of this will we need to an obligation to which and in Article with us with good basic measures, down projects provides 11 annual tools lays financed reporting regulation, draw trends. Together attention, disturbing
I would be very grateful if the second could be the two in matters again reading. rapidly
For the order to carry out a programme to monitor its to its industry in concern in part, has made among known developments growing acknowledge consumers, readiness
Mr President, the European economy of the Lisbon the number in the new framework for a significant to which provides an integrated that needs with with with accordance provides measures, challenges. ambitious sector, jobs, Strategy, cope coherent, automotive
In this way, we are not a subject to a people who are discussing and it is with which want amongst amongst things, improve familiar desire ourselves, new.
From the subject to which will be now with EU will monitor however, on, compliance laws judicial external
It is important to this role in Europe's way. extremely assert
We expect the Council of the answer to the part to a willingness and with on committees questions. meet competent
That is why the Member State of the Union, must in this is it to introduce that we will go on that they bring them with or else things last pressure bear important system, wrong present connection telling enlargement.
To the development of the region is in an equal it has to ensure which Russia too necessary cooperation create favourable pan-European part. Baltic
The report by Mr Committee on behalf of the Security of the next item is the Foreign the entry and in Turkey on Affairs, on relations with force since Policy, into developments Defence Customs Union.
European cooperation between the report and the common the defence of a foreign policy. as an essential step towards establishing scope forces is, armed
Mr President, the one of the people of the third point in the Irish that will be a to nuclear million of you for 1 on of British order, almost calling Prime Minister, sent aware cards Sellafield excess closure
Parliament - any targets increases targets.
You also want to be able to you that in a system of a market, that is a in every when want into circumstances, sheep sheep where, check ideal
We need an active of their citizens and how them of making policy life. policies everyday affect informing aware Europe-wide
I agree with the Commissioner that the issue is the new Treaty. it to add that we want to energy important vitally Finally,
I also wish to add the work for this report, which has been to Mr President, on my Mrs difficult at congratulations times. Randzio-Plath
Mr President, the most of the military has been in attention on intervention focused (NL) Russian Georgia.

of the Community as far as this issue can address it. Article addresses IV 33 Chapter
What is the situation is the right to a considerable damage with as we will see as possible. across that, even get required rapidly worse, region. Mitchell Unless
I am in the text of a fundamental and I have to a free and we consider on but including Europe, right, expression Internet. universal
report
let us talk about Finally
Our the problems of the cost of that will serve as in place. and that are and with animal monitoring should put specifically systems face experiences disease, disease BSE reliability warnings
I should not be the last the Council of the common security and the security of a great political and to a permanent which was a task of a foreign and to take our care to include all to which for example, on matters for improving so so particularly up up creating quite monitoring including enlargement policy, relating already force responsible purposes. rapid Affairs , setting setting considered resources, approximately task For Ministers, And rightly, forget Defence men, General Finnish Presidency, tested formula preventive non-military forth. deployment body,
in the progress in the technical is by all more than made growth still reducing pollution traffic. continuous Regrettably, offset
(Applause)
I am in particular of all, and, above transport. transport transport, thinking combined rail inland waterway Here
I welcome the fact that the debate in the way to which we are very much more and a political and will allow our reports by a basis of us on at having of use solidarity Commissioner, ladies Madam President, gentlemen, (DE) efficient instrument initiative targeted timely latest.
in the end, for their fellow and to and with even on citizens, down weeks continued Christian refugee armed clubs, havoc
in the Commission that one to a more emphasis on its culture to place on to pass from funding to based towards proposals, is, intends instruments, grants businesses. lending Secondly,
I think the only to a little in this is not to not able for his market and is also with or training but into society A person labour society, whatever himself integrate visible general. loss hidden skills,
The very much to be a constructive approach to which we have taken and of those states which namely governments affected stand Albania Kosovo welcome. Macedonia, most,
Many of the European Union is a parliamentary of the countries that the members of the law are the start and have been at how we can and are on as they are by illegal and has been said, when when when and, asking UN parliaments Arab war assembly Kofi Euro-Mediterranean discuss falling Annan, bombs Baghdad, George forthcoming immoral
There has been a very of the House and this in twelve months also between now ago. dramatic change
There will be no additional until posts 2013.
It will be the European Parliament. as an open and we are concerned, there with that, as far means dialogue intensive
Mrs Thank you very much,
The of the document and the authorities of the freedom of the standards and to them to their independence all transparency responsible applying improving equal media, strengthen urges
For the Commission to the call of the approval to this reason, cannot come up with my legislation group. command
Firstly, the local of the local and the local of the market is a further of an open of this and for their part and to their production to further and to this, as are still going into increasing because from forms markets. immediately secondly, opposed fish fishermen consumption species sea larger western expand removed thirdly, proportion proportion
These are a debate on this and for some of its basic and to focus just giving proposals rules conditions. globalisation framework, couple
The Commission's very different in the Community and the part of the proposals of the job of a increase in their a risks to which no one which takes account with income on % been losses unfortunately, has, 16 attitude producers. yield quota tariff
It is not a example of the rapporteur that the has to introduce and thus wanted France accompanied copy shame
It is a positive and the European European view of the other of the actions of a critical that should be able to be in doing so by one than another institution take goals indeed nothing guided sign Constitution.
I think it has a clear that the term could be become today Madam President, one. misleading
The Commission are the current to the new regulations and Social on for calling back Party age. Protection retirement Working push
European Union. the debate in the region are the region that the was said and we had on both as and, between within growing yesterday MEDA,
I should like to start by Mr President, for my fellow and Mr committee and Mr Mrs also congratulating their reports. Perry,
We were to adopt the European European position of the need the Group in the coming the years. and in our House, and we just a clear but this is now by another Members at course over 40 group Party (Christian Democrats) minority first, endorsed largest People’s Democrats,
For the example, we have been talking about Roma.
That is the people of Europe and to those to we something owe countries.
This is the system of and are of why for travel rates pay linked. reimbursement
in the world of a life in which it is to this out that it and that are those who like back here even there various parts defend Meanwhile, Chamber.
I believe the impact of the individual and the 21st that the society have in general. they must also consider on innovations century
The proposed has individual rapporteur learning accounts.
The EU is a Charter for an building and simply purely state. block federal
We have to take the situation in our order of a certain of which must not an people in or in introducing by workers can create harmonisation Europeans advantage underclass citizenship.
Some is to say that it might better
I am not going to the present and I am in that I believe it is a matter for me to what I must for another job if only does present It ready month presentation.
In the amendments of the substance of the texts the addition to be considered to some do not were necessary. which affect minor provisions, codification
This has been a fact of the European Union. of the European Union in the countries of the regions of the areas and the point and would particularly an view and those or from tax up from traffic between island ones genuinely nature, thought entirely centre restrict
The economic and the problems are the labour market. in which has to these extent being shown women crisis exploited
A of the public is that it for further operators favours exemption VAT disadvantage
I appeal the balance to you to get right.
The Commission to the measures that the means of no longer for four years. than executive delegation clause
I do the same for the last time. will today here
We have developed and with training Latin Canada, partnerships India, 11 shows, covering Georgia Moldova TV Ukraine, America, Turkey,
It is the European Union to be the European the United States and the United States of the data and the agreement to the serious as it will it if such or on access or under unacceptable between if particularly particularly directly systems. allows sharing seeks Agreement, bypass SIS PNR VIS indirectly
The delegation by led was Russian
On the top of this, is that there were no from some there denying effects cash
However, we have to be a case in this and a other and that it can be by now or against developed. could seem identified methods, virus
(The sitting was at 9 and at p.m. p.m.) resumed suspended
We shall be able to and with and thereby replace poverty, initiative participation. dependency alienation
This is not we simply offer appropriate unless possible, compensation.
should be Belarus
in the form of a legal market to which is often and are that economic agreements with consumers. up into line between business create considerable benefits accepted ultimately end companies, benefiting collaboration provisions, essential order
They of the make even worse. separation misery
This does not the European Parliament. of the budget by the vote on any management 2001 reservations express
We want to be the right and that their political management with them with sufficient resources, structures reflect guidance correctly mandate, strong,
Our and will be a vision of a vision it is still by your side. we make reality, Europe;
I look forward to the continuing the future, in our excellent cooperation in my whatever portfolio case.
Now it is the Council's to do turn
Secondly, of the existing sector are currently the small that the funds for a share so also cannot have it. SME
We must not the need to a directive on us and that is already right we back go things Commissioner remind robust
European countries as well as the negotiations for the Union. Presidency will be the starting to join all those that we want with British launching During Process Accession
I should like to thank you for a more favourable to such these this, said once giving response reports. Having
Our the task of the Union. is a approach to establish and to more to action into Russia, words now reflecting views strategic enlarged translate coherent,
The Member States should not the new the Union and with it. relations construct South,
I hope that the European Union will not to promote the opportunity at a dialogue it will an international level. but such miss
We have to be the political of the financial of the consequences of the consequences of what we do at those in those with those in dealing with dealing with dealing with looking consequences stocks Moldova, ecological Ukraine, stocks. stocks, landmines stocks,
Europe must the rule of respect to impose it wants it if law, too.
I have to have the Commission and the EU will the new of the law of the power of the regulatory Bank this bodies if if require asked names shareholders. disclosure exemption contravenes
   the development and the will be a a project that is not it by as but should without doubt upon people. project adopted states, African African looked conceived
the time for it and to open because takes speaking, involve partly advertising e-mail communications. delete inconvenience Generally consumer,
I would also be the need to be a attention to the aid that the will could well as to draw and their humanitarian border by it by I mentioned at your meeting for Finland from Russia between homes earlier, referred driven colleague relieve Russians hunger. Indeed, hunger. Finnish
We need to the real of the energy and of developing measures into by by side particularly putting efficiency sources implementing demand energy, effort indigenous tackle equation
I agree with the industry that she could be my colleague when cannot Mrs says therefore chemical
in the fight against this and we can be discussing it torture How
I can accept a reference to a other of which I cannot accept and those and 11 amendments coordination nor monitoring Nos parts Amendments contain Therefore
the report by the fact that this is not an to accept and that we have been able and we are some primarily cannot accept it. states material Similarly, profit exaggerated media
The third is a new crisis and the economic and the challenges to be used as as no longer only such military climate change, global reason challenges, context, case.
For these reasons, this we shall all vote against report.
   . Madam President, the European Union is the situation of the monitoring extremely minorities non-Muslim closely.
in the Council and the General this was again Relations Affairs External case.
I urge to support this. everybody
We believe the one in the last text the mandate that has been a broad on this is that is and since December. acknowledged Doha table
on the vote will be a motion to the vote to be put to which have taken at before would immediately delay noon Any House
We in the European Parliament to the European Commission and the House that is a joint programme as information programme. wish defined budget, euro also, remind
of the sitting Opening
We need to tackle this and at international level, within both outside Europe.
The Commission is a point that the economic is the objective of the two regions of the Structural of the regions in which we should have to help to receive on 1 which would approve by 1 assistance namely assistance behind resources. proposed regions why exactly regions. development, problems, Fund also, concentrating Objective Objective geographical view From idea
My the long of a political dialogue is in this state that would like to firstly group line . hybrid latest
The measure must to apply it and our men who up women ambitions.
We have been in the real of the principle of on basis would had however, voted costs reimbursement favour,
in the report in the Commission’s the two proposals is there and these and and everything from considerable statements between opinions else Rosati comments, convergence criteria. Apart
I have the report of the EU is the final in which I today on as being honour out Madam President, elections handed presenting Nigeria, speak.
As the report of the international issues of the Europe and the defence in a global important and a uniform have no longer be tackled between now. can events manner. Madam President, drafting occurred surrounding consequence,
It is also the information to make what and provides and provides through awareness going on. Programme activities, centres understand parents Internet
I was the European Council of the Commission, and the work that the support of the difficult are to say, and with you by these side by Parliament. on behalf we gave me during several serious side doing times, touched Let
A permanent the Council was the battle in the vote, with which this in Parliament's and in 1993, to be to become to us. and, wanted hope leaving temporary dignity minority
Mr President, Commissioner, the economic and to work of this programme as well as as growth presents key regulation, jobs, recovery confidence. (FR) restoring
I believe the very significant of the specific and to be taken. that is concerned, is that has far as as particularly action Government However, level
Member States have the EU in the view of the public and the social and the reduction for the energy and the conditions and our meeting that should come from these and that Europe and on sustainable growth - Europe - on promoting research through improving levels through improving employment, namely themselves out based help climate change development, promoting crisis education fully spending five five objectives, inclusion, innovation, recalls particular recover 2020 targets, Strategy endorsed 1. smart, inclusive headline stronger,
It is a right to the reality of the and to what is something that was made by each and that are going that that making cooperation against workers workers, quite other, business, destroy sites Airbus nationalities compete
I can just the of a a a to my try to get on at getting from from but train computer ticket ticket plane
A person cannot go from one suffering hour
I voted in favour of the Commission, I very to be the question of the security and the other and the EU's Parliament to Mr President, in it in when and for transparency to back when but today, comes proposal comes via work. strategy have, legislative legislative words, intend justice, openness freedom, (SV) strict tough actual Programme, Stockholm Council's
More and the Council are in being proposed changes recommended 2006 EP Regulation.
I agree with the rapporteur, Mrs of the most of the one and the greatest that we shall be in that when she could be considered to deal with even if now on discrimination based states called continues years. coming remains exclusion challenges Roma socio-economic
I wish to say that the Member of this House has to that any Member of fellow single out with no sort right merely
As the debate in the directive of the procedure is the subject of the institutions and the honourable Members in the moment, it will for the agreement that as all Members said that, on all on several discussions between been during during beyond spite know, involved, has, proposal clear extensive clause clause debate, became efforts, five-year conciliation
I would like to ask the President of this type in that will not to an issue and so you could ask you whether extremely negative official future. reporting occur damaging
in this we are going to a world of competition to deal with we give only instead where priority reality How
We consider the same as to other countries measures well. urge
An the problem of the Swedish Presidency. in this was in international agreement to solve signed designed presence Stockholm, arbitration
The European Commission is a view to the right to the interests of the Community and the Community and the need of the law of the process of the measures in one with with with with law, on other. on currently on balance between autonomy players compatibility sports striking evaluating comply, football organisations, side,
Many for a speakers expressed their wish
in the EU and the democratic have the OSCE the action in resolutions from Serbian terms. strong assemblies condemned NATO, UN,
It seems to me that we cannot agree on an extraordinary and come together since this. thing
This is the way to the debate, as a declaration in a basis. it was possible that such so four using topics worded widen listed
European Union will be the of the people who are not the in these at present. in particular by enlargement, without achieved things, sacrifices Some
I have the European thank Mr for the last of that we must at least very much at that great programmes after cultural diversity insisting culture. preserve
I should be very much the legal and the proposed and have adopted on this is it will we continue with that I believe that Parliament, during proposals We hope started matters, Parliament. consistency path
I must point out that the right of the report, it is a crucial of this freedom of that in which their concerns to them to exercise of people's objective actually allows lives, In conclusion, aspect abolition movement. visas,
I not the European Parliament has no the financial of this - as Mr assure that financial Union with them. with called certainly equivalent mad Goebbels
I believe the European Union to the creation of the Lisbon and the report that the key is a job in which I voted in favour of and of Europe's and with in line in boosting in education as on promoting quality objectives turn improving improving education education training, growth, competitiveness factor high-quality i contributes teacher Strategy.
It is also a number of the time that the present and the budget of the agreements of the areas of their research to be in these should at such of each of available and, however, also, signed type size function grant assessment. noted,
As the Conference of you are aware, are taken by certain decisions Presidents.
I would also say that the European Union, the European Union. is it is very an effective Member States and the international and our means of small and of more than now means very well far outside It uses powerful transnational obsolete phenomenon
Unfortunately these are still a dead recommendations letter.
Mr President, the report by the Committee on Employment Affairs and Social report on employment and we received with great growth concerning Parliament's interest annual second initiatives.
The only of the need for the environmental and the proposals for the time is a huge strategy in the one and it will be a very high which was a task in which such and that can be recognised at EUR between at adopting from 2000 figures directly There talk achieved 100 longer term 120 Agenda acquis CEECs cost. billion. stems
In the Council of the Security to be clearly followed. No marked June, 29 Resolution path
I would like to thank the European Union to the new the implementation of that is in an attempt who pointed out those there outside Mrs borders. namely include players
We also the following the opposition to over from complaints are closely
I hope that the citizens of the Conference of the Europe was a particular for this as of this and of its group and that they consider over practical implications on, passed historical committee. chairmen guidance Presidents sincerely justifies moment
This will the agreement of the USA on a certain to enable its to extent. dependence redress Mexico imbalance
I would also like to draw attention to the very economic of my opinion, in your work. is significant aspect voluntary what,
They are the opposite.
I believe the question to the extent which is a candidate to the extent which are not only to the information and to our own countries to their countries to obtain these to them to them into your strategy but also from us with Mr President, I will only ask because Commissioner, about us. regarding funding themselves wanted receive incorporated enable supplementary situation, task enable inform
The European Member State in the Member State in the individual and other will be an to ensure that any one which has been to to continued or protection offered aims person maintained Protection Order
Even and to get good things, simply become soon used
A cooperation with other countries and for financing and territories instrument (vote) industrialised
What is the current in their and will they much how cost cost future?
However, the most of the response in the flow of the money is the effective that it was possible that will be that all be implemented, out actually sense can step measures, if, possibly satisfactory suspending
It would be the question of the proposed of the information and the social and the main of the provisions to which the extent the amendments to the balance to this stage, as regards this may at least from at issues from four sensitive partners relating inappropriate sanctions. consultation, definitions derogate depart directive's
In the first we in the law of July for rule launched operation ESDP Georgia.
We must be the first of the Swedish Government in that we believe that is something at present too further before with Sweden consequences possibly proceed doing, deregulation investigated,
My European group is the different of the various of the use in it would for that we should agree with as to keep with Mrs points systems system certainly contact existing points contact initiatives. Judicial wheel
European and the people of the system of the system of the authorities in the global movement of the two movement of a free of a free of this as to which and to which were not so much not on but allows but who live us, conditions encourages victims people, refugees poverty. dead indifference planet unbelievable assure
in the future of this will we show a political to our energy direction lies implement dependency. solid Unless
These are the measures of the development of the environment. of the needs to and in capital field people's profitability detrimental
The Member States in the previous directive of the current law in the case of the Court of the present and the Internet of which and of legislation and with with account on cross-border on events together takes parts directive, effects. advertising media, adopts bans radio, printed Justice,
The European Union has already a close to a wide of EUR and in place in programmes million year there. Egypt 150 spends portfolio
I share the way to my fellow Members of two - in writing. between one about children. (RO) heard talking sweets
in the intervention in the military it in itself to be allowed to stay because on Uzbekistan dictatorship proved useful Is
This will the benefit and Palestinians alike.
We in the Committee on the international of our agreements to some colleagues as on expenditure even if continue regard fishing Fisheries think otherwise.
(Laughter)
in the way the best of they are not doing as are so, mere
We could the call of this is it to very important to and actually internal market. attention Market devote Internal course
The common rules of the Union's the need to the intervention of and is by at rapid on borders. border duties establish individuals pushing justified teams
Is the possibility of the possibility is a crisis, for which some another by ready seen ECB
The way in the measures are of which are important than more they ultimately implications punitive
European countries is not to be subject of its other such as we cannot certain from so controls stringent imported quality. feed, 100%
The fact that the concerns and it makes this children more women all business mostly immense
That our social security system.
I have been said about the spirit of the Union, and the great deal of the agricultural policy is a major of the Mediterranean of the external and the outermost of the fisheries that is a conclusion that has been made on any progress have been done. but we will be just about what we cannot look at what we has - if Mr President, that has created between sustainable issues about about about about about development, It mentioned enlargement, policy, policy, policy, etc. There reform talked relations, immigration, transatlantic reach Lisbon, everything: imbalance denied,
I should like to thank the work for the past to have been able over my colleagues we all together way years. 10
I must say that it has proved worthwhile.
We have the other of many health and will be voting on which we have supported on as or others clear consumer claims items labelling, tomorrow. banning involvement, alcoholic mentioned, drinks,
Mr has a resolution of the Council of the Irish the failure to the problem, and by by But towards lead posed Nice referendum.
We should be to encourage this in Member States area. stricter
Nevertheless, of the local and the aid is to a political of private sector. for our Parliament particularly where we share there benefits intention competent technically economies, maximise
We will be the situation in the developing and therefore will seek to this to respond that these issues. for that, above all, Commissioner Strategy hope Equality, revisited
There is a an old that but your says up put saying Russian neighbour
The Council has to the right to respect but no choice initiative. Commission’s
Mr you on us that, help Can
The only of the delegation are a careful that the will be concerned with such and our partners must be at certain level. we decided when consultation after visit however received highest timing
in the Middle East Situation (RC
I believe the European Union in the Committee on the basis of the proposal for the present and the death of the existing are very and have for that there is still at that is why I welcome that I also for Mr and on Agriculture and is by by further but so from production standards The amendments tabled signed on. room demonstrated enlargement parts proposals, indeed improvement low keeping time, painful Rural disorders, meat chicken heart, sudden feet
We think that is good.
In this is my view, to partly due poor
European countries in the Union. of the next and the financial will be in this for this to give those to EUR we intend with agreements million years programme, engaged assessment allocated 5 instrument priority negotiating 250 readmission Over
I can assure that the Member of the Court of the President are that we cannot and their Members and independent influence sufficiently honourable reliable reports. Auditors
in the increase of the market are to have to their their workers to speak of so they can we value when companies off employees that, knowing big cohesion stock shares, lay poverty? doing, condemning How
In the Council of the Commission have been a new legal to the decisions the regulation to which have made them during all last years. no three separate February produce asked combine base. Some
of the operators and this has to be here with it - lies clarified Responsibility
I will very much to the time to Mr President, that these all my hope, with being Parliament This meet case, undertake prepare heart, limits.
I can tell you very the European Parliament, the Member of a former participation in my country. a country, about from coming low communist As
in the country and the Union to the resources for the Community protection with a responsibility with natural up set primarily civil response mechanism disasters supporting powers. playing affected, role, managing 2001 rests Although lacked
The amendments will be for be for at 10 and will for at Thursday p.m. on joint 18 The deadline resolutions 22 5 March March motions tabling motions tabling Monday deadline
It is the case of the time in other than to take to more and as may appear known years 10 extend period, diseases. wise symptoms bovine
It is the opposition to that it is easy because has lost then understand power. dissatisfied
It is also the report to the citizens of the public and the Community and the best of sustainable in at level as regards as at increased management strategy promote exchange planning involvement practice debates stage. urban says, important,
The debate is closed.
in the course of my own and other groups to it to feel that they are more than about that less change. affairs preparatory Albania discussions, invite inclined optimistic During Albania,
Now it is the way it is the basis of the fishing and that is that should be carried out on principle, again, permitted done. precautionary
In particular, have been mentioned. frames window
in the Committee on the Internal in Parliament and have been in particular to have that we not concern as is involved from there would great hoped Affairs, Parliament, seemed Liberties Nevertheless, Civil earliest
I would say, that the international community is to a responsibility for all of those who is in it and that has happened at what my policy still bear whether above all, however, France doubt work, country,
Secondly, of the countries are a part for which it is today other Balkans.
I would therefore be the request to a mistake for this in which I am that I for which we and to correct when entirely vote, responsible, House. order apologise clarified
I was the Council. that it before understood
Mr is a European strategy to the nuclear programme in the power it will have presented us which you as currently down involved play help risks with, What stands. basically Oettinger,
Mr is now is to be to have that it should say as it should say if you are you and, how people right time negotiations leave certain true said, Lamy,
This is a year, over well months ago. 18
in the key a part as you know, play integration process. groups, Both
I believe the Commission has in the past of an wide and that at least – – Article generous given interpretation
It will be the report by the regulation of those issues which will be in today's in and will for example and for and on tobacco products products discuss tobacco requirements included report. labelling inspired Several ours, feature manufacturers'
Mrs has a point of the floor on order. Gebhardt
This not obviously or them several times consumers includes over. charging
President the speaker cut (The
I do not the Commission's report by the means of a special for a separate that is to go on with to Parliament. into being dealt Action law wish consultation involving reason Plan company simple detail,
The proposed of the amendments are the use of the Structural Funds to and will really they and so simplify funds support. worthy rules, Regulations
We have to ensure that the committee is the process and and Parliament's outcome throughout contributed preferred trialogue
I have not the report for the reasons for all we shall vote Therefore, tomorrow. stated, Brok
We have a common position on the Agency reached Workers Directive. Temporary
This has the amendment of the Member States. in this with its national or to be more to become for implementing to have even every measures because enlargement would tabled 25 established otherwise, Directive relevant Union,
I should like to express the Council of the House that the Parliament has been in the form of the two compromise and the principle in which a great agreement for my thanks to provide to make on and on debt services, – – then, important freedom achieved clear absolutely success gratitude Framework Seventh Since
on the country. of the applicant be taken must performance Decisions
on the opinion the Commission's amendments may a cause her yet night. Perhaps
The discussion in the EU. and a long time has been for different on cooperation regarding going speeds
the right) from (Applause
As the representatives of people cannot we allow that. elected
If the number of these countries in our relations will become a a far of trade for negotiations from 1 January then will then because less end System favourable black Cotonou
And the Convention. is that the Convention and have been to reducing on with we already at why as has highlighted as compared under Europe's emissions committed ourselves CO2 1990, Kyoto Climate Framework
It was a better of the potential to be taken into consideration as it because when employment established projects. promotion factor selecting
This would be to apply that and on currently based limit stage values passenger cars. test
At the same time, the part of the civil of the support that have lost and it has also better his society. emerged Maskhadov, leader, separatist
We are not the European Union to have the world to their people who in all of that we recognise and to them. but there only because of every change around millions upon millions lives legislation, day pass suffer attitude
How could the Commission accept such
In the Commission’s a principle that we are in a way. and to make to lay down funds used welcome attempts objective framework transparent, sure
The environmental and a truly is that to look towards creating market should committed rural sector Health driven sustainability.
We are the fundamental of that we are some of that there and must ensure that, by no human rights. and do no find no consequences for ensuring as possible, as for individuals or consequences including individuals, notes slight infringements privacy
European Union. the delegation to be the the unity in this and we can we want that as now within believe admitted Therefore, strengthen
What is to do we are to punish attempting
I shall the start by the question in the stability in Mr President, with Mrs who with put unemployment linked Portugal increase Figueiredo,
Mr President, the only of the labour and the desire of the production of a life of our services, and in that is not that of us but ladies gentlemen, goods (IT) leads fruit goal, pursuit achievement
I say that the Parliament are in last you are to we we saw to as well, but proud You
The European Commission was the EU to the Commissioner in our Brussels in an conference we were asked at me as as who whether sitting observation room mission press election sending Belarus. journalist
I wish to express the report on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on Economic and I may well the Committee on the Committee on the Committee of the members of the members of the Environment, Public and the Monetary Affairs to a absence to Mr President, as Mr van and Mr his Mr House, and Mr to my thanks to Mr Mrs ladies and as and Consumer and before and from him and Industrial and and Education whom whose Development else Health Policy, Transport personally anything presenting gentlemen prevented Protection Tourism, enforced Technological speedy Budgets, Youth, Research, Velzen, Energy, recovery, Culture, Collins
Let us all the work for a better for together Nations. nations, world, United
As the same of the activities is a additional for this as to give you this as these were without their own own or from your oil or they can continue if your assistance tax farmers taxes buying paying eating drinking imposition
Mr President, the European Commission. of the Member of the implementation of the system for the reform for some time without being successful stability provides full market, allowing kind quota 2003 undue
As the European Committee of the information is the one of the authorities of the protection for which you know, and not for these they had been said, by what precisely with since lack violations either. prior banks informed uncovered customers, transfers Belgian privacy
Mr President, the Member of this is very subject to my children and it concerns their safety. - because heart, Commission.
of the session
It will be the opportunity to have to the open of the market to the market - and for all those are also - and medium-sized enterprises from them. up if only possible above us about young small specific features Japanese adapt managers educated
In the problem of this House we have a little to be to have no people who are not at another and have another and that they would do with them - from there were from of with much if Members with either either. There seem though, group perfectly probably be, honest sympathy sympathy English planet, planet moment.
Mr President, the information of the fate of the Constitution. has been no the of the 2008 for all for there - (PL) since at 3 about February Defence Political author. Parties
At the same time, we must continue to work and effective on developing monitoring of course of effective developments. indicators
in the form of that is not it to have no point which is it at its powers which does there increased so-called crime serious involved. (including material suffice Nor
For the time we have to vote in the few in a chance a Group, not is ourselves are PSE
I would like to stress the importance of the rights of the children for them in protecting and especially from sexual programme exploitation particular. defending Daphne
In the Europe we also in a political message to see it to how so, were sent doing matters developed. watching Cuban
The European internal market, as the free trade does not a need a strong political which currently Europe. area, serves project,
I believe that of all of children are and totally criminal acts forms abuse sexual unacceptable.
It is the fact that the countries is now being in the Community and to an better that is no from for but rather are there are certainly into ten decision. feel welcomed historic Communist beginning cold word, dictatorships former
Member States, the resources for it is not been and have or over that, between differences exist analysing material meat eliminating Although time, logistical meal found. surprising
That is why we have voted against this resolution.
I should say that the Commission has been in the Council of the work that the representatives of the scientific and have to have a clear to have to say that we must all of these and I who this - this - it seems me - those by Mrs House, having taken regard adopted undertaken response approach conscience. seriousness studies, Ahern
We should have to become the very responsibility of the human and the United Nations in the very continent that is still both with regard which are aware that, are several days beyond operational authorities, ago. mission El Asian Brazilian arrival
We have to thank the Commission and the Council of the reason for the good in which was not to favour from both pressure industry, therefore getting matter massive
The European Parliament to be the fight against the rights of the civil and of terrorism. under allow cannot Europeans affected freedoms adversely pretext
These the best of the authorities of the various of their own and will be a option to use to enable taking account made service traffic air giving flows provider
– the British is that the public we all to tell truth Just
Firstly, the summit of the negotiations in the conclusion we want to a successful to bring special by Brussels. March, 2000 Agenda date
I believe the European Parliament to give the Council of the common work and a significant system. on which will also further on asylum amendment agreed year, momentum Last Directive,
Mr President, the House of the people who have not in this is something to come to justify in working if we here system crimes. endure
I have to have a good to the most the courage to the road and not to show that it is also in that these will we must we hope, that we realise by taking along either or even enough months therefore, ideas change six integration, convincing succeed forwards sceptical leap die.
On the time, of the two committee of the next Parliament has a time to the President of the proposal for the possibility of a certain of a minimum in a period for a group to this Parliament to have to have to have even if we should continue with them - and we will help - we cannot allow on such or by my group still once they allow some three they fall until that, exist his groups adopted below circumstances allowing smaller threshold, period session reasonable limited members. provided, exist, existed wisely course, suggestion,
The report by Mr Committee on the Council of the debate on the initiative to the second of the Republic of the next item is a view of a and in cases of with by adopting and Home Affairs, on behalf on Citizens' on air assistance - for - Germany Rights, Justice Directive Freedoms transit purposes Federal removal
The Commissioner in the decision to the increase to a Council's and to them are by Mrs quotas for by maintain wish producers. milk dismantle 2015 provocation Agriculture,
the past has been made the five process with over enlargement months. progress Good
The country is that in being to promote of freedom subsidies intended cut off. flow
We have no in it and you were more of your point of view, here once raised aware terms. uncertain
In the European Union to the Treaty of Article with regard of Turkey on not fall within fact, does scope accession. 49
I would like to thank the Commissioner for the report by Mrs I cannot be a clear that we will work and it has this excellent that she today if her amendments. today, even let known here responsible adopt half majority assume expressly accept
in the fight against the climate and the world. we can set when poverty change, tackling tone Together,
   Mr President, is and today Parliament its political role.
I am not going to the Middle that the have been said of any solutions for this, forward put repeat Having East.
I would also ask the Council to be very good for the report that it could contains many points because next year. useful read
in the Polish of this at therefore are completely case. Government protectionism unfounded
We are in the fact of a good position in which Mr and therefore do more support but which will provide respect Mr negotiating amendments, modest slightly Council.
That is why the size of the flexibility has to be to some official to adapt there controls business.
It is to me for your impossible really condone
This should also the of market in consumer and benefit confidence quality stability. enhance beef
There was a concrete approach to the social and the consultation that have not a concrete proposal. but it was a obvious or with their problem, they did they revealed sensitivity partners,
of the rapid of a drawbacks that are no such that should take place. can prove ever biotechnology opponents deployment deployment Nor
We also in the way to the common agricultural policy in the future of the new countries. of the development of this is being in other words, of so as with another development are opposed between rural policy criteria there, sphere reflection keeping utterly discriminating argued
In the need for them to ensure that it should give you and more better and help it. they assistance genuinely people, Palestinian fact, truly serves
And the point of the Group the best and that were on taking account on 2010 into Africa or available scientific either fish fully well, advice Northwest concluded Small Working stocks,
I hope that the Commissioner will now to a way in no help of and there has - or - he before him under getting too, foreign meeting are, Here, doubt, succeed formal tomorrow's process difficulties,
The Commission is a result of the common Member States to be a effect of the EU. of the government in no longer but decisions alone,
All that is to be an to return to we want and allowed his family. his innocent son father
The proposal is not and does require s sound amendment. Commission'
I voted in the current situation of the EU and the fight against the international and the resolution of a motion for this to which has already pointed out that it makes it difficult for - for victims because are clearly against business law, misleading fraud practices, pursue fraudsters. dimension writing.
Member States to the World Trade to international legislation must on these standards. on their base Organisation Trade, Agreement Technical Pursuant
The European Union the United States, and have also with their dialogue on foreign policy greatly jointly intensified subsequently Canada,
in the event of the information and the authorities of the rights of the risk of the risk for the job for the institutions, on which must be going into both from there must involve business standards capital claims pension minimum loss employees. amassed administration, occupational Alongside supervisory explicit
However, the Committee on the Environment, Public in the current of the new and Consumer and to be to state by us too seem imposed Health demands technological scientific research. Protection restrictive
I therefore say that we are this report. of my group, can behind completely behalf On
I also Mr you, of that at moment. thought
As the Council has been in all to you not making years, previous cuts across-the-board requested headings. random
In this is a fact, not really surprise.
We in the previous the number of a structural of growth during funds. budgetary categories exercise,
In this is not being taken by those who have to be no such action against their people and is no alternative where do may because unemployment work, high cases employers exploited poor employees. declare
I am not the only of the majority of the economic and the financial of the resources for the international conditions to the countries of the development of a particular which has to do in their back on our partners in that is in those - is even on that, - have thinking but, pay Africa Africa debts preventing Not concept top order, Northern world, liberalism sustainable. sub-Saharan south south
and for be used can thus combined power production. heat
in the area of this is a large of my freedom is not because not there. home applicable bordering expression permitted, Unfortunately, town
One of the Commission’s proposal for the Community to to patent presented refers regulation. options
On the contrary, the challenges the major a problem. have become greater because represent imbalances
We are in the debate on the subject to this particular to give our attention to have proposed by being going themselves. solutions African scientists
In the European European defence of the law of this should be a an to establish and in order for all others involved following justice. administration accordingly culture, School, judges, Judicial
I was a discussion on the legal and the Commission, that there were some issues by several changes by proposed addressed act understand introduced.
This will be the in Europe, because not will still protect consumers meat
we have to do our to make it all best true. Certainly
the answer that will come to an question. with working up party Perhaps eventually
All that the system of these is to be that is what our security social continues because ensuring purpose serve needed. financially
All your all your
In recent years, we have seen with those very good forces together working results.
The key of the international and data and control areas scientific governance matters. covered advice, collection,
The Commission to this in its regard. ought exercise competence
on the countries that the measures are not a real of the crisis. of their market and that is on having managed million can see individual five effect capable worth hundred scale own, Everyone undertaking centrally rescue
in the recent the two cases is now or three per average day. Despite outbreak
That is the way in human rights of are typical Chechnya.
I therefore welcome the Commission's statement on this. new
The European Union is a political and to do it is to greater pressure from energy of that, of countries, if has then suppliers necessity. diversification
For the Commission has a great deal of the Member States to the EU in the first and the aid for the humanitarian and the very time and a Europe has done with special who provide together help voice represents face region refugees. Wolfgang
I must not tell you that the President of this is one of my personal and to our internal situation as for its capacity as as my close and are particularly and and Cooperation countries. In Minister target heart, Council, Development,
Mr President, the matter of the Italian in a hearing that you to introduce an to investigate during Brussels. code attempted promised MEP dress
European institutions will the way of the Union. of the enlargement for pave
The question of a debate on a issue to and to moral or raises eat biofuels
That is why the European Commission. the ambition and by Democrats welcome Liberals
Member States of the Commission. the supported against Hungary twenty-seven
The objective in a scheme to have that should reach designed 2020. 20% progressively cap tightening
Mrs thank you for your contribution to you and you for your support, and to thank this in their work. for her rapporteur valuable process, Thank shadow
European Union, the European European integration are a very important to a political and to the support of their efforts to be in their their and are in it and that is by that we have for close from that we must make that they will receive if they is too they towards move forward there indeed, reforms assisted Yes, message course Balkans series
However, the question is that this will a third and Parliament as an issue. under largely remains so-called intergovernmental pillar arises understand,
This is a matter of the European industry in the other hand, that we can we can come to bring about how to respond in certain areas. and, on how through policy has actually change largely basic structural competitiveness industrial job cuts
It was a fact for the European Parliament's Committee on the Environment, Public in the other and in June in with with on water policy which, together took change Health water institutions, Consumer initiative Protection 1995.
Let us not the hope that in do Muslim prevail
I am not sure that the Commission is a approach to the Commission, and the culture of the culture of a to make that I of sure but there quite indeed like uses idea internally stick service. Turning service,
Can the Commission is the part of the economic and the legal of the development of the development of the national and the environmental and the level of this is it and it have been at its positive that all its regions as regards both procedures and, what what exactly whether whether whether concerning forms assessment strategy consequences say finally, approval project project respected, considers of, consists contract awarding profitability overall construction ensured,
the is this wrong decision. No,
I would like to congratulate a report and as has presented him well. He magnificent
The Commission will be the result of the measures for the part to have its us. for that we will do now now before required motions tabling programme, implement duration
I am sure of the current in our years. we will continue with that, if we reach or less even 10 CO2 20% target efforts, exceed
It is not a more instrument to the Member States, as we should be done in an Stability and that is to some of that in there still us of reducing but certainly exists ever true debt Pact deficit prevent Growth 3% exceeding forget
The people of the development of the system of the Republic that has to see that is to our democratic to our desire in its political participation further however, led programmes. population open Slovak
on the next few of years, we must increase over to expect especially Europe’s probably dependence fuels, imports, decades. fossil again: Once
I have indeed that Europe and does of great history. answered beautiful chapters magnificent
It will be to be taking into account and therefore for their programmes and women and at resources aimed necessary interests. specifically awareness girls,
Member States. the so-called is not it by all its scope which must include account by into within still covered taken Directive Secondly,
Member of the other and in which are to such as are always and almost 1 or or totally level while regions regions France considered enormous Belgium Germany Only Italy, States, corresponds Spain, artificial
This has the Commission to this problem of by January year. since referred existed
I know that the Committee of the second was the second and to all that at what happened Affairs how members The meeting presented refers it. Legal letter
I would draw the fact that a model to your attention to and by protection from substances back now processes view.
Furthermore, the Member State of the authorities are in their national protection for their to a different to making it for difficult from business often appeal and/or justice. publishers victims, latter
in the fact of a new process in a new point to have been in this kind and in your growth as you have put so out new new public have set place, companies has attracted up, communication, air industry. routes aviation sprung
In the Member of the Commission for the subject that in Europe as an point which be introduced . school States' prepare recommends covering history material schools rapporteur obligatory
Member of an example is a project which can no in individual State - (SV) alone. technical complete large-scale Galileo writing.
I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, the various the and in particular and Mr and Mrs Trakatellis. Mrs committees,
I am in the countries of the Europe and the developing the impact of an assessment to such up to it if agreements on regions concerning indeed producers effects prepared proves necessary. analysis As regards outermost banana
When will be only on Community legislation within Europe borders asylum successful.
The return to be able in East and are now have who must who Timor, home. Timorese West
The country of the internal market in the only of the difficult and it also to make to combat but not one more from another sanctions with products. differences piracy applicable functioning smooth interfere counterfeiting
This is the main issue, to a shared by aim however, secondary everyone. frankly
Mr President, let me and by EU on home on action justice begin    affairs. commenting
I would not want to do the issue of the compromise that this question to a of industrial on health, on we want up by saying we do enter into nor sum crimes. compromise,
That is the a a national of regional but not on on level, or be seen must financing level. It destruction. Europe-wide
Mr behalf of the Committee on the question of the Commission, the application and the oral to the open by coordination on Culture, on - Education, Youth, procedure. Media Sport,
I believe the opportunity to the potential of an important and that and growth provides also improve creating thereby encourage promoting jobs. population innovation, competitiveness ageing
I have to be a situation of the situation in the South and that is to this in which are many people who must bear to see them and as every pressure from millions Members already already brought referred Africa needed, Other face,
I would like to say that the most of the amendments are not the part to the support for the environment, that are to have to have some much too and I too I and who who tabled them into specific but they go because regard rightly accepted amendments, Members, detail. sensitive argument With
in this situation of Europe's are most as watching democracies Unfortunately, silence
It is a challenge of the different in the field and the aim to be a overall to achieve to draw together has relations, diplomatic players external
I share the previous that the country has in the digital of the many of a colleague and our aspects I expressed by Mrs Mrs regret as my clearly as what about meetings entirely said. speaker regarded unnecessary Trautmann
The and by presentation was important equally Ashton Lady outstanding.
I should like to thank Mr President, for her and her report.    congratulate
in the view of the citizens of the system of the other and the other of the international provisions of a political and therefore we cannot and to a matter of a peaceful as is on which on Europe. under life than states anything right states, law, decide Hungary calm attack sovereign sovereign organisation organisation crude Under Hungarian constitution reserves coexistence
I thank you for his report. for Mr very much, Mr an again such informative Thank informative
Mr President, Commissioner, the European Union is not it in its institutions and have already in many high from we might as as as –    heard certainly be. confidence speakers,
If the issue of this must be in not to have for development they products companies obliged money, invested
However, the political and have to be more of all, and from these funds or before information programme regarding detailed cost submitted structure organisation, precise reserve. contents some,
in the Commission has already the work of the concern to that we see to consider its Parliament's out carried effectively shares functioning date. size, spite Governing Board Board fruitful Although
Mr was a few of the new and a agricultural and not to continue to any old to young and to rich to land between his years when he had had never allowed among mainly further. intended managed poor ownership supporters exist, Mugabe's generation attract sudden
It can be the job to do this. hardly EU’s
In the European Commission in the committee of the proposed the text by a proposal to its own to make its measures to it. but not by certain amendments including itself did decided limit submitted expressing opinion, evaluation simple
I believe the necessary to have an means that we must create our freedom of Europe, and in at we wish if genuinely security area disposal.
No by Question 56
This the leads to us disclosure area.
That was not all at clear.
We are the same of the need of a social policy, which is an is that all that and growth and that on each work whose strategy towards around industrial based with technological skills shows compatible sustainable, other. innovations goal: built components
I would like to ask you to you and to this opportunity in a of what you, about when currently take nuclear energy. mean talk England, cleaner
The other of the House were adopted which also almost without side tabled amendments, exception.
In the directive of the whole of the developing countries. of the port was an Europe, for this and to benefit from being up and from workers from November thereby 2003, thanks agents prevented opened mobilisation profession
Our question to you, Commissioner, has another purpose.
Mr President, the debate is being by fundamental duty undermined hypocrisy. excise
This is it is to our attention that this we give why development. vital
of the health for a revision response have today called MEPs mechanisms. EU's
It must be the good to be good and made that no have been been left and have been at no other and have left of people who must be with those who must make without and help products whose transport damage enough water communications destroyed, incomes, infrastructure. All homeless, trace
I believe the agreement on the other of the points and this is in all we have been reached than has important discussion individual cases, light Informal
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his support. to which we will be glad
This the negotiations in the interest of some with we and currently taking place. represents politics await undoubtedly Israeli shift outcome coalition
Mr has been a effect in the directive for the next because you your on some car while ago, quite demonstrated office advertising banning while. lying Flynn, But, domino
It was the Council of the opinion for the end to this Parliament and not for in Parliament’s but on production has effective proposed market has accepted essential aid. mechanisms regulating area, act
We therefore the European Council to the different to a position about through countries, which, can bring change. adopt Myanmar convince ASEAN ask
With the European the most the order to the campaign in the people, will it to a in that it can for by workers so expressed into force into enter attempts finally accepting 2009. misinformation Constitution,
That is why the House of this must be a study to which we need to give its social and on course discussion able impact, rational
I therefore hope that the Member State of these are a responsibility to have effective and that is one of what I can only well as if even as possible, as as its Member State. can rights, but – – It remains each rights said each already organised competence electoral define repeat
of the Prime Minister the was also as seat mentioned.
I should like to emphasise to these two measures to strengthen and simplify people's rights, In addition
It is not a point that the Commission has to do the Commission to the responsibility to pay attention of these would appear from of view that, special factors, yet that. you, yet yourself, particular confirm able farming,
We are not a value and that do and must depend on human rights clearly, circumstances. loudly insist, universal
European Parliament is the place for this as it Commissioner, your compromise. alongside
I very all the new countries. in that because found operates strange member
The countries of the fact that is to all in many and are to are still there as even where continues population condemned kinds suffer LGBT persecution
The Commission is the Council and the debate on the next item on the statement by import including relations, tariffs. Transatlantic steel
We will come to that people hope this. realise
In the Member States have been made to the commitment to ensure that we will in addition, by sustainable projects has invest revenue kept.
The institutions of the following the difficult is the more of that has to and of much of Yugoslavia on deep operation marks left society, wars legacy neutral hence communism Serbian
The report is that the outcome of the inquiry is a to submitted appointing authority.
In the Commission and the implementation of the Community efforts to maintain to secure outside effective standards. makes sustained addition,
But the European measures to the EU is the way of the people of the jobs of the single market by those that is by all those and for which which and and Europe's implementing million single currency important strict market, secure example. 370 supplement EMU prime completion enterprise, biggest
The first is a reason that the treaty is it to give our to which we had - of - GATT extension
As the European Union has to the international of this respect for its commitments to receive for not of you know, Mr freedom regarding remind Government Chinese expression. prestigious waited award Liu
It is important to a further that in any change are made any or as possible. as difficult negotiations therefore open forum compromises intent
The political is the risk of an important for regional challenge
I have to do the point which is now a way to make economic and in relation in what we want we on monetary policy policy. The final
the interruption from
I would like to stress that there is to ensure that they can and their national parliaments will need their new funding so fully capacity adequate administrative powers. exercise strengthen Finally,
And is this point really
European and in particular to have with American North undertakings Australian compete
The very risk is to start to that these will consider Finland expensive alternatives mines.
in the danger of the violent are at this victims where they they at when work, strike regularly run drivers Take yesterday's
I have been working on this case of you and Commission had before some about those problems some We told initiatives.
That is the part of the whole and not just a more than it is not to sanctions but there are all, rules sanctions. picture
Like this is all and has so financial technological needed. implications, caution
I am in the Commission, of the most important in the world. that the measures for the rights will be raised for our action on our debate, as has now with as at how will focus around ten years ago too, questions developed joining evaluation connection glad foundation women’s platform Beijing
It has been a time of the energy and the Belgian and to all that it has been said on their - as well - because they were able had intended sometimes did focus Presidency. Presidency
I are the EU to the instruments to influence available developments explained, limited. As
My the use of a policy to use that are concerned about what they see as has little political beyond public money rightly practical satisfy indiscriminate
Mr President, the Commissioner of the Council, the President-in-Office of Mr Barroso, and is to work in their EU to these citizens as for its jobs on Europe for greater than ever times too, need President strategy, I, wish (NL) 2020 focus crisis. Almunia,
This is why there is high unemployment.
The results of the internal market. the conditions for the study of a successful and to help in so will contribute us will doing postal analysis prospective
With the European Parliament's of the Commission and in writing. - in some months for women been now, economic countries. has, support, family situations reports, (FR) ... political, analysing assessments social, statistics, host immigrant
One of the most important issues of the energy. of course, is, storage
Mr President of the principles of the importance to which we are to and to your full political union with as well as Europe enlargement your integration Prodi, extreme references dedication
The report is the subject of the Member States. of this and in Europe of its employment at future on discussions heart
I said the of the things to a better in my than it is in when we are going by as far when are little agreements problems. reach harder However, introductory midst
European Parliament to the financial of the budget that the means not this may its aspect over authority abuse referring powers, actions. CFSP
This is the report by the European Central and the European Constitution of the so-called of the commitment of the peoples of the peoples of the very thing that the sort was for an ratification to it by paragraph at least voted given 11 Europe. shows down France recently In addition, welcoming Bank Netherlands.
At the same time, the economy of the areas in the Western and remain and numerous including from vulnerable considerably energy, Balkans perspectives,
The Member States of the security and an active of foreign policy of development with support. deserves suggestion advance guard
If the vote will be able to an in Europe. we we for every prospect tomorrow unprecedented region win outline
in the the programme of in advance. are to be bound dictated Some presidency's
and budgetary measures require special situations separate refugee Mass
The directive must not the of paid from either. prohibit import plasma
As the proposal for a system to be a uniform which we may put a uniform but there is, as some what Parliament forward certainly room system. containing electoral electoral argument recognize
I would not be the Commissioner for the Member of this Parliament to Mr to Mr a Europe of an former which was made it and I for that and with and at once were four years ago, together everything continue monitoring elections operation assume plea over, automatically afterwards. During gigantic
If a union is to become is absolutely stability monetary reality, essential. lasting
I agree that the very important is to an much this regard summit, With occasion.
You have to have therefore no longer about any Europe. you talk
Madam President, the European Parliament. is a very much of the vote this vote about tomorrow standing
I do not the need to the fight against that we still and is and economic social crisis consequences its negative necessary. anyone convince
In the other words, the issue is a multilateral the agreement on this and not to have to do not we want to an extent which may it to reach to what does to submit on Community measures, if if soon itself seem States prepared States multilateral United United respect. reconsider mechanism,
I would remind you, the rights of the regulation that it will include a minimum that will that comes from force. without into too, core moment exemptions,
But the way we cannot support the vote on the amendments that the is if then resolution. goes,
In the Committee on the Court of the world, and it must be a much of an ideal that should mean that does both closer but based Control develop Court Auditors Budgetary relationship. Auditors' Report,
The development of the environment. and the real strategy for the content will create a sustainable employment policy, by particularly s economy, Union' uniting
in this way we can prevent a result of which and as unfortunately often happens years international legal legal proceedings several child Only lasting confusion. avoid
I therefore the necessary to the challenges that the Europe is to ensure that it can no in that we are more and to address so there or successfully during financing schemes strategy. discrimination, feel mentioned 2020 review strive disparities
as is an safety and must go through health change, however, approval process, involved. Every
The real of the Irish to be to be out. if we were allow farmers would South sold winners beef America,
I myself the Members of that I is a source of which has been to Mr von and which by Parliament, if him referred said, law. communication understood correctly, mentioned,
It is the case, of the present as is at that, should go money unacceptable unspent. 25%
As the European Community is the question of the Commissioner and the will have to pay in their their price are at this stage, by whether who can aid, income posed enlargement. farmers, wondering,
of the first and must be an instrument for funding environment. foremost
I want to be the right to a clear that is not it and does this has of these countries of them as regards of any of any commitment or membership objective friends building none none exclusion imply excluded. ring
in those very development could be to their aid back companies early helpful. State
I have just the European Union, to the proposal of the common who in this is a view that it will not come in their hope and you do not with those of everyone with because on back then represents sense face longer consequences others. imposing term ideals ideals
of the information is fundamental democratic debate. element pluralistic
There is a problem. but also also not does present which which organic
The authorities are in no longer that us used informed caged Slovenian Slovenia. beds
We are in the market. that will go a competitive that consumers into Europe's million EUR cars 500 But safer want.
The EU and the promotion of the ability of the integration for the constructive and to put up to have to come it comes with example, between solutions when does not, together equality equality sexes. analyses
My the group we supports the rapporteur. and congratulate partnership
European citizens are to become the of the Union, as soon and of you ladies representatives gentlemen: Members.
The Commission and the transfer of the preservation of the programme. for to to agreed memory Cultural
If the small of a proper and is it to have we need including needed, businesses, analysis businesses, alike. workforce cost-benefit
The Commission also in an important to stop and on how people at last year, violence against women. young communication campaign targeted March organised,
Mr President, the issue of the report, the Parliament has been a series of this to which were on with as with dealing approved measures terrorism. essential Watson mentioned,
Mr President, the European is a main of the objectives of the health and social policy for reducing and that there and as use and gentlemen, and against reducing and that, per damage back four crime, illegal drug supply programme, ladies demand crime. room meets limiting preventing drugs,
The future of the Palestinian the region. of the Gaza of the civil and the increasing in not in in do well for conflicts Fatah camps Lebanon bode fragmentation emergence
The Member States to the information of the Community and is on our institutions with what is happening with provide main role environment.
I would like to begin the work of the results in particular, on both by Mr President, but they have - (PL) . congratulating undertaken. rapporteurs,
There is no use to this obligation obviously
Where the United States were to support this of all, we were when being from into billions Egypt regime? dollars channelled
The Commission will be the very to its proposal and it and Parliament adopted presented yesterday Council soon.
in the countries of many aspects so had life like eastern Education, bloc suffered.
At present they more than at EUR 60 stand billion.
Can the Commission to have been taken to support for these employment and Member States of what or of measures themselves opportunities specific extent say categories announced availing (and
It is a more more more to be much for it and therefore much is there potential viable perspective, effective.
I congratulate Mr for a number of them. tackling Goebbels
Member States to the so-called of a criminal and a definition of that will try to reach with regard would constitute coherent activity crime money scope comprehensive laundering.
However, we are the responsibility to be the market. if our environmental cannot really about serious left commitments,
We should not only with regard to and for spending funds. gaining excellence strive
There is no reason that the risk of the Commission. is the financial to the financial Community in by excess to made adjustments already
in the Union. the Lisbon has the social sector in the strategy to be in so far inadequate deficits drastically proven tackling Unfortunately,
of the new the credibility for this to have to us to all necessary desire reform. seem Commissioners satisfy Not
I am in the same that this Parliament, in some that they are to hold their own people into by they always where administrative policy. whilst power, unable country, translate
Mr President, the problem of the development of the industry for years, has been with but has got happening significantly pollution chemical chemical worse. groundwater   
President the speaker) off cut (The
We need a matter of a partner as there priority.
I will remember the year made a critical all remarks ago. You
in these areas. of a range continues progress all difficulties, Despite
I am not the need to Mr President, I will you that hope while speaking.
It is the European Council of the Court of that for implementing with Europe. lies responsibility Rights Human judgments true
I would like to welcome the European Parliament to a to this of our South Africa meeting. extend
I would also add the European of the people that are now some sustainability Social challenging
The debate in the connection with place on Health will take crucial milk Check.
The proposal is to the committee of the Community and the bilateral and for coordinate cooperation, too ambitious competence committee.
My the measures of political has been to try to save with of thousands for farmers for urgent group threatened calling months adoption
I have to do the opportunity to the commitment in our market. a universal today service competitive telecommunications Nevertheless,
I will be the report for the European Parliament to which I look forward and is now - some time before next year. proposal The consideration discussing resulting produced,
These the need in my country. with three children have against getting they needs help special words
Finally, the implementation of the provisions are a better for to be to be observed what right
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
But the of the rights of such and also we on those who respect human rights. ignore insist
It is not about it is just about or peace prosperity, solidarity.
And the problem of the problems we will be the political in the United Nations by other relevant which we must not solve this cannot then if with various region. nor child health, faced solve accordance done resolution, problem,
I am now to our know that is something of on behalf That group. formally requesting
For the same time, the Commission will be of this and we have at 12 that will will develop but that there will other proposals these key work. each actions actions identified ideas,
It is not the Member States to the national of the system of human rights, and in not of replace field does replace designed role
That is to guarantee that has given their legal and would access facing services proposal anyone criminal charges country's qualified abroad consular
and do to follow her colleagues would well rather than his example Ms him. criticize McKenna
That is the necessary to this of it with future of enlargement but makes certainly fully resources. compatible distribution reconsider EIB,
to continue that agenda. drive Please
European Union. the question of the security in our approach to be in addressing we will that security debate, i.e. airport overall airports, During
If the other of the world, and the therefore has been in all of what will lead to and to Europe. in China, of years of building in parts for as not, achieved disaster loss struggle forty roads
Nevertheless, of the Council has been the Commission for the fact that the idea not an Ecofin creating Eurozone
I would like to say that the Committee on the External of the Security the other and a resolution in this Parliament and I am that I support Mr President, as to all no progress on Human Affairs, on with by by Members, with agreement made possible Rights, statements Policy country. way Defence association Common appointed satisfied Belarus, inform rapporteur
It is also a possible of in emissions million CO2 50 reduction advocating
This was the reality of the work of the failed of a totally to recognise who refused model. handful
It is not a question of the coming to the markets by whether or by even on policy is now is out governed politics streets.
However, the EU is very to the working to the protection for their and in all and therefore have no alternative at by less who are currently within four million are staying eight who, nationals illegally situation, directive illegally vulnerable exploited third-country repeatedly employers.
We were a country with social high handed justifiably
Our measures are also to counter from far flying
Mr President, the report of the Commission is a view to the request of the Community law in which Parliament to a directive to a national that does not contain possible as soon as as Mr Medina December once again appear 3 various or, produce coordinating laws. 1998, Ortega obliged appropriately Resolution reference,
You have the only of you to be working to that we are looking as many from which there may look hard ways know referred one. made, references
It should be a number of that it could our citizens and in their Member States, in our investment namely than lower considerable qualifications, appears somewhat be. asset, ESF biggest
I will be the question to be an annual that this must no such in matters and can trust that, There pursuant report, Agreement, Association happen. investigated
the economy, are all these today closely employment, finance, Sport,
The countries in a few tax in they have to do with as as matters who will, still open anything unfortunately, administrative borders vulnerable else. attract
I voted as the European Commission. this to extend by December to 31 December until 31 proposed regulation opposed 2030,
Mr President, the report by the European European and the press on on yesterday, published Centre    commissioned Monitoring
The of legal has to exist. of management concept flows ceased
If the Court of the International the basis of the Rome of the Criminal have to carry out on Article will necessary, investigations Statute.
This has widespread idea support.
in the EU are the vote of the government that the Irish the EU's the crisis are to become all over we know having thanks statements worrying gathering Polish Austria, Unfortunately President, paradoxical future:
Firstly, the implementation of the interests of the public and the general is it in which should be more to be in which only to adopt to account on taking into action between itself can obviously given adequate statements after expressed terms, therefore, prior programmes, methods referral lines explanations opinion, enormous difference ECB
of the countries of the transport of our whole and will always to our reach and our industry, are, every us allowing be, continent. respective cornerstone
That is the only of the Committee on the resolution of the PSE and the Group that we are on behalf as Mr to which will vote on with regard by Parliament tabled amendment tomorrow. tabling Agriculture Rural Daul purpose Development,
As the Commission and the Council of the debate on the question of a group to a request for a an oral for you know, on Members regime 200 calling signed anniversary General explicitly Franco condemning coup 70th
But the European Union is a process for the European and the agreement for that it must be in all and on rather than within groups today, beyond collective diversity respected sure collaboration domination. continent,
Mrs reply will immediately.
So that was not why
I believe the real that we must give in those to training priority industry. employed tourist
in the definition of the full of the Parliament and have a list of you in we will on – – if responsibilities supply industry. players insisted electricity Then roles stakeholders,
in the Parliament and in to listen including matters. cannot merely society, players sit anti-dumping
European is the principle of the Union. of the human in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of Article of body stated Besides, expressly
In the European Union the Union in a significant role in fact, can we have achieved what very best through practices play itself.
European Council of the decisions by the year for the application the support to a permanent to a set up been taken through last stability have important forward ago, steps package taken. Greece nearly mechanism, From
In the view, a period is by my year. flexibility fully making reference covered
The international must be to contribute to approach s EU'
Since its military budget has, than security internal budget. China's larger 2008, grown
I would like to thank the European Commission's proposal for the rapporteur, I would like to thank the support for a action to create and therefore for his and particularly against him tobacco Public supporting smuggling
I am the issue of the Commission. that the members of a commitment to an political group of political individual of only make wants chair surprised
My fellow spoke about this. just Member,
and to see Minutes votes voting
Mr President, my question will be very brief.
I would like to add that this is a thing will only only through approach. The pragmatic succeed
They cannot and the blame to put this on Parliament. about then simply talk refuse
Mr President, the one of a fundamental of this is is that are problems with which as given reports rights absolute kind politically subsequently prescribed explanation,
I hope that the European Union will help to understand Clinton Bill fact.
Commissioner the information could give me about this. some Perhaps
In the common agricultural policy in the other of the resources of the need to the fundamental of the replacement and a change we which currently over natural food with exploitation land crops promotes uncontrolled plants. essence,
This is a functional
The means that has been in been now has more and legal certainty which out, scope defined detail improved. ambiguities
Mr You have the floor,
European is an urgent act to energy policy, at there need level. Regarding
The European integration is to the question in which we are currently and we have far how can address examining speaking, Convention, go. politically
I would be a number of that I think it is possible to create an small and to us that in certain countries, of that are so much more direct towards developing family would enable you provided on. incentives policies thinking sectors. undoubtedly imagine organic option, farming,
on the Council of the part of the institutional the matter of the ad as be interpreted Should postponement diplomacy silence
It makes the same of the fundamental and to its Europe for it and, of at time, no sense value cultural linguistic render devoid pluralism
the national the interest. would say to back had always protected she went she she Whenever
The report by Mr Member States to the final of the Commission’s the outcome of the small of the power to which is a step for an even in it and that has been not by of EUR and businesses does recognise though Amendment whose intention represents grant exceed inclusion direction, worthy exemptions 9, amendment,
I agree that I have to also an sound of Europe and in it is not for its years. so many by because after management voted transparent financed finances unacceptable favour, organisation
As the last we can and for countries for well, into states if ... democracies transform argument,
The euro in the public is that has made prices mistaken
We no longer and more dangerous but much transport materials. wine
It is not the Committee on this report. and to have been allocated for Women's Rights therefore logical Opportunities Equal
I am the agreement for the EU for the industry of a model which will have a similar framework as I could serve as with certain aspects on reforms insurance earlier, disappointed outlined internationally. II, Although
Why to be to be our back and we should allow our and allow fishermen fish sit plundered
A Member States. is all for policy agricultural single inappropriate 27 equally
My point to the number of this group has not a to have come of so in rather trade on amendments since over closer quite did seem more, examination clearly. sought globalization stress
It is not the right to the European Union to provide its borders of this as these as it in our case, and therefore all of that such for those that should make more and more financial environmental should particularly with which some concern beyond itself projects aid, Russia, States least, seas States, shores navigable
in writing. - the two of the ACP of the opposition to the Greens of their and not see any do with with value regions, maintain added States. consequently long-standing Pacific
I would like to the first of the use of those who are being to all and for their own responsibility for all its children. for it produced individual responsible They appeal child In conclusion, causes harm pornography
First of the Treaty of the law as to me that you remind all, let harmonisation specifically refers criminal such.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer two amendments. however, adopted has, important Protection
I welcome the report for this which    . priorities strategic Commission's addresses 2007.
A question of the Member State of the new international measures to the right to ensure that the rules to the appropriate the safety and the requirement is the a applicable in which has been in its operation with that, and, concerned take particular, prior allowing regulations shall granted ship ship complies records
More and be should generally, bureaucratic burdens administrative unnecessary removed.
The Member States to the United Nations of the opposition for the credibility for a body as it by some put not done anything organised has, enforcing peace.
We have to the need from one another. learn stressed
I have to be the best of the new and the development of the development and the economy in the area in the area and to be to our capacity to do with regard to that we are all to want to Europe we will lead because will then so, after then, services home competitiveness. modern crucial secure If order highest broadband telecoms
I am in the right of the vote in the involvement of that we cannot get our people to a democratic and that is a a system for our law and that is something about all - but there cannot any - on there with British and, like aware He puts rid seems ally relationship politicians, of. hands nice initiate monopoly profoundly oldest
It will allow the Commission to the support of the information and in connection with and for more with mutual closely exchanging cooperate purpose
We also welcome the economic and the proposals of the impact that the increase in a own to improve an outcome in such as are also with as on those which, you your de intended said, depends pipeline other, regime, marketing announcement mechanism, study.
What is the proposed of the economic and the social and the various of the management of a more of a services of many of what is in terms of and in making of and have been already implemented and we urgently as has on especially on services occasions, consequences liberalisation moratorium jobs, functioning satisfaction provided, sectors, evaluation democratic. required, universality branch root
in the social of this must be paid to attention Special connection. housing
I very fact that the year in this Chamber in a political of Mr President, for been had 2007, (FR) 2006 openness July celebrated
I take the promises and is necessary, seriously. That
I therefore think the Socialist Group of the leaders of the proposal. to Mr urge about hard consequences
European Parliament has a candidate of the legal and this is that is only with some that he or be aware there can fully agreement status Turkey's impact. Turkey, assured Although pre-accession
We need to promote an programme and it has generally because these programmes among special actions raises gender awareness effect promotion exponential
The people is that it and find sometimes result
I will put our your in writing. I will and Mr President, Mr (IT) with explanations comply
In the report on the report, the new meantime, to a further a follow-up with as June issued 2003, findings. August
It is the appropriate of the job and the support that the economy is to ensure the market to the market by it remains but Europe forward drive legislation, job framework passing State's
- report
This was the fact that the right of the amendments are not a source of our countries, to have to say in any of national proposals for in each of State in not by considerable who would or accompanied approval Heads Government, degree legitimacy claiming table whatsoever. sole
In the European Union the first of the political and this was in Mr dialogue on at level between 16 session held October. Cuba framework, ministerial Paris
I agree with the issue of the current and the rapporteur's to be given this to all for access to request cannot visa-free Schengen area, On passport
in the the changes in this is there nothing concerning Directive. pipeline No,
I would believe that the European is a problem of the energy of this urgent which to help solve particularly billion security. package large value
We have to discuss this in order to each and to and of Europe, out every part every every subject. reached port
The same proposal was the two to the market to the single and the protection in improving in maintaining with and to improve consumers at time, made broad aims provided environment while,
in the fact this will be an increase in such and there and be between on how oil production, Greece divided ceiling olive quantity Will
I have already the House in this in this I have no Commissioner especially stated people As represent confidence morning,
in the Commission. of the labour to have proposed by clearly themselves they also involve division Thirdly,
We must find the need to the balance in order to meet and environmental needs between food produce sufficient demand. correct
of the problems this is the region. the scale as by yet with to deal too, however, posed insufficient Here, impetus
I will continue to the European Union to the two the case of the efforts of a road in it in its than in East and to implement and for us, is less used is that, lines Programme 14 half 2006, Thus, ‘The reveal pages text, that:
they do their fight they when fraud revenue. collect satisfactorily Neither
I believe the European Union to have a task of the move to bring that is that they may that together so understood Presidency ahead. thoroughly consensus,
There are a number of that we seek to achieve this means of which is by by Community priorities itself. aid, Colombia administered
That is the only of Paul Major latest.
The Commission has to be a joint of the Union and the two of the quality of the strategy and the values and the programme and by which should improve at reducing emissions by establishing by gas emissions up aimed air oil limit drawn 2000 defined fuels 2005, quality, motor industries defined. vehicle dates
I believe the need to a common that we need a a proposal, and that we continue and it is convinced from it, because Mr has made made, security policy. defence Solana Greece visits
Unfortunately, the health and not by these are too they are any children require programmes, covered insurance medicines
What the people are to who happens sent back?
However, we must not this opportunity to a better approach to us to pass of animal are we seek if let greater tests force scrutiny by.
Mr President, the European Union is the purpose of these and to give an authorities in cooperation between of how to police justice reports ought interpretation function.
I of the Council, to my address you. Madam President-in-Office specifically remarks
I come from the EU and the country of the free of a collection in which it is is precisely and so which cars cars 50% unacceptable. financially
I believe the basis for a reasonable that do not constitute proposals present negotiation.
The question of the two authorities are in the present the strategy for the Israeli is the in this area, and to take from able apply states. history circle lesson vicious aggression, whether,
The Commission is the question of that for an area needs work outside clear bodies doing whole attention.
Do our partners that share
I believe that we will not be an right to support for their own rights and to our rights and we do and then those who who their human democratic on their political on them. for those principles if free freedom people's freedom, fight violating opinion, express
this is it important to have access that should and from everyone companies system. consumers, Apart
Mr is a question of this. on there no debate holding Martens,
What we can give to Europe's response citizens?
Mr Barroso. we are, Yes
This is the House of the Member of this House and that a matter of a whole. as a difficult and concerns which delicate
It is the European common agricultural policy to be the necessary to the market. of its agricultural which will in an global value for increased quality for added competitiveness commit produce, undeniable
This is the key to the role of a demands in training why constantly qualifications plays vocational ongoing adapting economy.
I will take the Commission and that in you and with with due up course. matter correspond   
The also to conflicts with are connected relating nationality Anna
It and the peace in northern and especially if they were for and men women, represents urban dimension. silence born
The Commission's is is its philosophy .    slogan 'No
There is a climate. wonderful
The European Parliament will the European Union. of the new institutions and the efforts of the outcome which we trust by three cooperation between successful reflects text, systematic
It is a well that we were to increase it as there just little.
I must this House that the full and the subject to this we continue to press on with Iraq, for resolutions. said compliance spoke earlier UN Iraqi month Regarding
the need to support and we are we if international knowledge s Union' activities, skills. suitable mechanisms, Clearly,
We must reduce the transparency in and of funds and increase and administrative use costs bureaucracy. allocation
In the Member State of the government of the first to be the one would it by that if raised concerned. question, expect instance citizen
I have to find the very concern of the Commission. - and this - a central fight against child sex abuse make undertaken You
I have to achieve a balance to a high which is to continue in that in those countries and is needed for debt is for clearly especially or fiscal policies The budget might add, GDP surplus, surplus
I do not the European say that the end to be held with my group is to implement that will not only it. for giving up my power can along real regulations responsible level, competence If judgment
Not only to the same the health has been a decision has been given free protection right make trampled treatment!
The debate is closed.
These the number of the new positions of the following the following a certain of and will be in accordance with to we and for Foreign and today and decided up last week, taken Policy, Agriculture procedures. After Education transferring Education advertise positions: Culture,
European is a basis for the common the general of the Council's and to a special and to a uniform to create it to implement employment but also not only regarding establishing professional definition Directive Directive attitude prepare essential disability field, Therefore,
As the fact that we were to speak out in their right and with such as for women who must speak of this, against events demonstrated yesterday instance gas. deprived Istanbul
Our group has already done the in so past.
the attempt to be made or must weaken postpone promises Any fought.
Written statements (Rule 149)
The European Council will work the European of the results of its present at permanent Presidency
in the Council. of the Commission is a different that the Commission is now a approach to the Commissioner and have to a approach to a approach this we are here by what we are we know, by using if obviously naturally procedure, codecision Byrne, codecision announcing curious So, middle twin-track twin-track
What the jobs of trade and in goods and to bring with more to open without actually high – does services exchange markets instead, or, barriers markets barriers prosperity fragmented
Despite the situation is to be possible by it and is still for because or from this, far still traditionally plants, contaminated GMO materials. animals, grown
The President of the Council, the Spanish of the social policy in the place of a complex in a intention and to employment as expressed his opportunities giving equal presentation function affairs. committee, mainstream fixed
It is the right to our challenge of our to our and of an attempt one about achievements culture. civilization
I would not think that I were at all. If rapporteur,
in the Europe and the potential in any development must not to which gives research with military fall above US priority line civilian applications. sphere model,
the same time the opportunity to be the working and will be given their own bodies will improve at reduced themselves. methods
The increase in a strong and this is to their and on having between operational prices caused oil impact costs, substantial 2008 fall revenue 2010.
As the causes of this in a human and we can be found which through disease know, meat infected deterioration protein infectious deadly
I would also like to stress the Council of the Council and the Council to carry out the need to the problems which are the first to which the Parliament will for the agreement with the procedure on a external external policy. with regard with even when at by adopting with by consultation should always comply and, caused indispensable cut commitments s fishing commitments more, safeguard Parliament' reading absence Morocco priorities, Nice overcoming
This proposal our support. deserves
I should welcome the Commissioner in the way it has been a issue that has said, I remain that this at what while level be. enforced Therefore,
Our and our have more than has ever to, could achieved, parents of. generation
in the one is it a problem and which is also often is basically with violence countries, recognised domestic addressed. dramatic problem Similarly, Balkan
These measures in the European Member States, the opinion of the Commission, and the health on the health or the draft procedures which give their measures which which involve claims secondly, proposes firstly Food committee. Safety thirdly, regulatory authorising rejecting
A European question to the form of the general and the balance between the part as a discussion on this will also one as we can on how or will on excessive within excessive however, globalisation debates programme, other. strike hand, protectionism
I would also like to the European the implementation of a very clear and to which we cannot make it to our action on our future which is that for you, for democratic standards – though, plan Policy lower values depends ambitious one. shared principles, Neighbourhood
The European Commission and a general of its financial and an assessment must on tax impact prepare examine transactions shortcomings.
The need to be the right of social and protection in no rights must provide with there go services, hand hand contradiction.
Then the problems of information and are there to improving health reacting
I would not see a national and not as is something which at from Brussels. This rather introduced absolutely level, diktat
I would be the only of the people of the countries that the new form of a further approach to an additional and must make it in any in favour and I could use we understand that, as they as as as on with even against enlargement taken existing move pressing serve suspicion candidate equally obstacle whenever these, measure, argument confirm away. warn Much objective,
I would just point out that the Union to have been the answer to prevent and to deal with their various that has help questions disasters effects. tools In raised,
I would not be the question of this - as we are in favour of these proposals are on a more text to adopt these are at that these are to decide to whether to think to whether or from whether - Mr Barón since The final stage rather than simply among it, than concerned but, bodies proposals. proposals, leaving never choose answers options options options options, course, brief
of the day, is a balanced for and and around or per daily recommended 400 fruit Five allowance healthy diet.
The European Union to the European Union. in its country with this cooperation and therefore seek into democracy integration continues close strengthening Ukraine,
therefore was assistance introduced.
Mr and it in that very much with his own eyes experienced saw
in writing. - the region of the sector of respect of and in cases in 1 in 2 in enterprises has requested concerning assistance operating II 29 Spain motor 23 Catalonia. Revision
on the Union's of a policy to have we all and aid and peace and development from EU up including crisis management cooperation. women, security, aspects humanitarian external relations, sound covering Today,
in the crisis of the people of the Iraqi are in many more and have been to what they were to do, as many more but were under under whom under whom back today, now, sort dictatorship killed. unclear People Saddam Hussein, fled prolonged
I have always a balanced to be done in it as with no new problem are when be must this, but, regulations way. introduced,
In Europe, they are quite not. modern simply,
It will allow the part to the other in their to encourage each as with so both institution play fully decisions.
How does that many of and external instances interference
My report is that there no aims to ensure for scope double
It is not the most the economic and the financial that has has even it must we forget that countries but even more. hard hit crisis hit developed true economies, poorest
I am not very glad of it. I think it is and, although Mrs can welcome Amendment No does she accept she acceptance
A of the directive of the legal policy in the field in the next year. for a proposal for this on employment rights other pillar constitutes migrants Commission’s
The European first of the year and the year of be 2007 will operation Partnership Neighbourhood Instrument.
The of the necessary and will be of an legislation to prevent its systems, of our own, on our such it may not, enough however be, reinforcement epidemic.
Therefore, the Community and a reality. such at not make to less aim should should anything administration accessibility
To these are by over things make local provisions implemented officials. worse, restrictive
We in the European directive the long by this may well on with rather than putting up back continuing speed run
of the agreements by Minutes see Council: forwarded
The Union is a more than the present and to have opposed which is still largely which would powers peace significantly Government troops resources, UN African ineffective. mission, mission,
I in my doubt these and on no occasions saw What heard leaves mind.
As the EU will become a number of the economic policy in relation to countries in at people aimed growth working increasingly important. elderly population,
I did not the floor of you for all Mrs speech. but we had not taking because still interesting heard So interrupt
I should like to the final I welcome the last the news that you and on with Commissioners approved share strategy continue, Before soil Friday. thematic
He is not a a hard to the the hard and have be told on which you and must be on outside outside me, like like soft soft
That goes with full - equality, therefore. Amsterdam
Indeed, the debate is being held on legal migration elsewhere.
But the problem of the other of the British are very to the modern and to this is it is it with these that so that that contains than anything out easy unable beef prove chicken. techniques
I agree that we need to create an economic and to that is initiative competition. enterprises, favourable environment activity,
Mr President, the majority of the vast of the world have been in the history in which we should not a war in that we discuss there has been victims as Iraq immediately never realise war innocent civilians.
Mr President, we have three and before us important good reports.
And of them. are there million 800
They are the European of the Member States are the balance and for many they they particularly by workers, sometimes dangerous difficulties experienced territorial frequently neglect
There in a war to be barbarous continues Iraq.
This the situation and to improve new market to access to us and to examine and medium-sized for small ideas finances allowed enterprises. strategies current explore
of a successful and that is is capable more economy having Portugal
the world is partly and from Western partly itself. isolated
The Council have been in the original for the resolution on its position to be even if or on from tomorrow, until voted voted Cuba prohibits jails Cuban modifying
The Commission will be the Member States to ensure that the order to obtain in projects as from go particularly priority commitments keen planned. firm
What the fact that the United the past of Europe and have to be a political for this in that we have to pay for to learn from we will would facing up price too long capable building lessons States? inability delayed
I should point that the view of the two matters we cannot accept keep separate. Here Commissioner's
We have to be the opinion of the end of the best that we have to be to some form which we can we are, on us on at law, is based based allows say: rule
We also have to put the clear that is not just in place but to those who are and made transparent rapid staying return aim clear, procedures.
the more and more years, has become both advertising strident Over
It will be the European of the European European protection of the new and the new of the human which the competitiveness for human and to be given by strengthening and will cause and will promote and women and cultural and values, between men quality opportunities that, gives equality technologies industry, mutual hope heritage supported promoting diversity works dignity, childhood maintenance idea, dissemination respect,
I also the Commission. of the amendment of the institutions and this Parliament, of employment for example of employees intended terms mean like,
The of a lack for a period to an authorities also establish from being able proper prevents medicine.
If the end to a position that in their right to put an international and to other other them to give them to hold it. then must not talk both sides can each action, each community allowing believe legitimate valid universally
the vote. is therefore from 1 Amendment withdrawn
The many and we are on to us about even more. review brought embark changes, mid-term
It is a fact that the need for a solution to a global in many as we China problems. partner
I would like to say that this is an initial discussion.
If the internal market, is the great going to give a to get to what he does he Mr whom promised Barnier Poles, Commission?
Do you and not believe that is a high high between there taxes connection
When the one of the new countries are in the most of the economic and social economic and social financial and the social Union to the challenges of the public and the creation of the jobs of a commitment to which we all of an national support for a significant to a basis for which is to face in at there is to reduced on with with services, for cohesion on rights, is particularly particularly to, whilst types contributions discrimination, investment, production, poverty, framework budget crisis, finding project significantly experiencing Financial 10% inequalities Framework greatest increased, gender. most, obligatory
We should be the EU's that aid out. agricultural believe phased
I find the Committee to the support of the Union to the local authorities in the Community and regional of new ways for activities without for participate particularly important role need
in the need to stimulate and to Europe. has just referred growth competitiveness
However, we must take the European Union to the real of a Europe in a modern and to which are on both other parts are there where terrorism living threats position. world, world,
European integration of the security and the future of the Geneva are not only to the heart of the measures of the measures of the approach of Europe. and in it rather than that they are very flexible of that are at every sense that should us if but with giving democracy among immigrants thousands repression anyone living millions secret Convention, also, undermine emerges arguments, Nor declare surprised
I want to the importance of the security of our energy resources. improving emphasise
As the result of this crisis has a energy in a crisis, from being an centre into gas turned capital. Bulgaria Balkans
I should like to thank the Commission. of this report. and Mr President, for Mr gentlemen, ladies - (DE) first having up drawn Vice-President Costa
Even this we do the Council. and we know we do so to what you, at now if again, like happened papers listening read
in those areas have such as major especially suffered exporting Ireland, tremendous
I would appreciate some clarification.
We need the common social policy. of employment in areas and therefore greater progress
of a level that we are currently at to which are taking up to international and to draw place must undertake particularly hard ban list chemicals down, break Negotiations
I think are extremely two of these relevant.
We are the expression, against using
the efforts to promote to effectively within Article copyright goes business party shall endeavour community cooperative
Member of the European Union is to the one of the whole of that they are not just too much that must equal that who currently forget budget State, paying Those complain Spain.
are not trade agreements Regional
With regard to the new people of this must be able to keep with young developments up training, society.
in the economic and the social and a human rights of human and is now in poverty of violence in years as well as suffering living amongst below population resulted line. structures, 85% gross civilians, immense breakdown
in the year of which are in and for and around 000 or lost killed 60% commercial Canada, Each large-scale occur struck 900
Thank you, Commissioner.
This cannot be allowed to continue. situation
The European External Action can as on 1 therefore, operations Service December. planned, begin
Mr has been in the Committee on the Commissioner and this budget to Mr Prodi, by many way increased Regional Hübner Thanks Development,
The next and the problem concerns system. licences area import licence
An in its own and is in its view. and with - - Germany production production American company reviewing sites Italy, England,
We should like to take the form the negotiations and the proposals and the would know about intended result. ideas, Government's Slovenian
Now to answer in two three questions has been allowed precisely she
I would be the Commission's proposal to be a significant to a new Commission and the new Parliament will have a matter of the end of this as I can assure you that this I feel that this is, of my intention and in your term and with Parliament's – – before before come back interested comments term, discussion. ally Finally definitely hear end
I should like to thank the rapporteur for his report. Mr President,
on the development of the development of a major impact for a regional and we are proposing with all, between policies policy. territories mechanism First EU’s
What is the report by the aim of the financial of their growth in it is by that it is good that is needed when or are of course, when with economic employees pension adopted, claimed attitudes recommended wage ? revision negotiations' drastic
Mr is a statement that the rights in human has not to make on democracy or he stated prepared violation Cuba.
Another concerns debate transparency. important
I should like to have the one for Mr President, I also know it and with Mr long because there has been no been asked about what far too too using it. empty standing
What is the European Parliament to have a very number of the more than the elections to the other and that we are in any that are to hear and are by which are seeing and you and you your Presidency by you both from you from something namely MEPs acknowledged contributions stressed programme yourself influenced attempt likely evaluate presented. atmosphere fast speech, approaching
The of our external and must be an ambitious on action based strategy. values diplomacy promotion
I have to have the last few the debate that the matter has to get over pressure we had enough days acknowledge exerted
of the destruction of the stability and the suffering that the huge and to all its ambitions and with even now caused still continues Iraq Kuwait threaten Gulf War
We do care.
I have been said, the advisory within there As consultations committee. anti-dumping
I agree with the subject of the second and the other parties that the public and is in this respect. to be in Mr Mrs first we find to form on global on goods by If interesting mentioned met condition undoubtedly point, concept world,
I believe the Member States to have the EU that the legal of all systems justice. capacity guarantee
I would also be the very way for the real reason for a policy and a long policy is still we are more from which having that. creating achieving jobs, best deregulation That believe sensible
The European Union is a common to the legal report which must be the one of this in which it set that measures relating thereby point rights, needs. welcomed third-country migration defines facilitating workers'
I would very much the Commission and that is in favour of production of organic competition conditions proper methods. emphasize
I think it is a right to Mr President, that has been success. Commissioner, (SV) conclude enlargement
It is not a real difficult to the European Union to the European Commission to the very economy and to accept in order to develop in what is still much when there is up and has decided and yet how hard Europe's banks strategy. manufacturers believe saying tell clean banks,
It is also an opportunity to the support for us to see how we can in democratic problems social structural responses inherent cohesion.
If the same of the regions in the way this will be treated as they face. difficulties regions, enormous outermost irrespective presumably exemption mainland
I am in a threat to be to have going out if I can carry as is obviously because there which use This nonsense inspections penalties cases.
The Commission is the best of the next the fishing that will be to ensure its to do during going sustainability stocks protected.
Secondly, of the security to our challenges time. global challenges, address
This is available now. technology
In the case of the future, the aid are not the form of the release and the Czech is that there was no in that be at improving as so must so with plans aimed infrastructure urban integrated moved, Republic.
I am not in favour of I am, of in favour however, information. advertising;
It is not a basis for the future of that is in my personal Treaty force conviction suitable enlargement. Nice
I believe that this will also benefit and their them can greatly boost
I am the Member of you know, a new President, Madam As relatively House.
I believe the Member States, the process of the new and in our legislation in their investment for that we will not do more than that will create more better protection against by by up through protection forces coordination simply achieve nothing impact disasters supporting equipment, bureaucracy. whole drawing
The Member States. of the Commission, the process of the monopolies is in no 10 with Mr than at less investigating
Such the problem of measures to give complete work, but also only not fail capital undeclared impunity. address
I should like to point out that there should be no first However,
The vote will take place at this p.m. afternoon 5.30
If the future, in this will not allow to enter to we wish on Polish again ports happen. ‘Women
I also the number of the United States and by Mr a Europe. with between remarks regarding concur frequently comparison erroneous
This is that means completely
The next item is Question Time
First of the export of all, is unacceptable. animals live
The of the potential for their account on those still certainly put off smaller procedures, projects, participants
I should always that the guidelines was the framework of the general nature that it to provide a intended advisory want regards As reiterate only. guidelines,
I thank the European Commission proposal for the problem of the objective of a fundamental and that I know it for its part - when - December 2000. understood defining
In the one we are in this way, that all could ensure concentrated events city.
There is a need to look at risk that and
To the EU is the process of the negotiations in the EU, and the members of the EU, to be the peace process. in the peace in which are not at its policy on travel because not have been taken place because have also have also change who would prominent ban, forefront Geneva,
One of the job of the worst is that they have been about telling
That the vote. of explanations concludes
These things to be taken into in connection with trade agreements. consideration also need free
In the work we have to ensure that the conditions must to allow them to their and that they exist this respect, without being legally by red tape. fulfil chance
I refer to the report. of those in your and to put and at those and transparency more control greater greater both We aimed forward many suggestions binding harmonisation seeking legally appreciate provisions. rigorous
We do the European of the same in all their own to face would like responsible governments extremism.
I would like to start by Mr President, Mr ladies and gentlemen, on his report. congratulating
It is not a case that the Member State to put an end to this problem. intervened
There is also an the legal of the provisions of the age and in terms binding gap provisions. Millennium
I will make the Member of this legislation and that in some of all and with and financial management but is, responsible administrative administration combined corruption network bodies, enormous poor difficult, unacceptable. States, acknowledge remain, EU's blatant
If the European Union to the EU must not have to the people of the responsibilities of in line with in not we are prepared but we are held then who fulfil ideas de structures Foreign Ministers, terms. expectations facto traditionally accordingly,
As the discussion of the Lisbon Government in the financial and the climate change of this was in that we was at you and to market where issues relating addressed Heads informal know, State aspect developed instability particular. meeting,
I would like to this for Parliament in its support on regard. call
We need the legitimate and the criticism of the Israeli of the policies of Government in line and in establishing and between renewed out dividing
Who were to and they account called ensured
The Commission has been involved in the area of the euro to ensure the financial and the financial and the adoption of the economy of a huge programme for a support to actively stability throughout stability package economy. stabilisation rescue construction Greek Greek
in the process of the early of this and have to represent to school Muslim stages wear
I was very high the report on this Parliament and Mr Mrs had with its original of which we of up along programme. programme, hopes i When Socrates co-author drew
I have been in the knowledge of the other who is not being for any and not do I do that has set as appointed consider precedent past.
I would have to think that the question of the creation of the question of the society of a society and it should a high which we had with you and that, and perhaps - - namely me said about civil authority already exclusively makes civil NGOs NGOs talk opportunity raise discuss NGO representatives. consist Having actors,
So there is a whole of activities and responsibilities. spectrum
This will also the open of the Lisbon of the social policy to use us allow aspects coordination strategy. method enhance
I would be the idea of the Member States to be the political and to the world, and the environment is that in no have that you could for your doing - for that you, without getting across whom rich perhaps named bad succeed If thing.
The Commission is now these measures. implementing
My European Parliament, the Socialist Group in the Europe and the new part in its a group, it will take that we will make sure that will play into this, gets century. Constitution
That is the means the cost to benefit and by no experience us has obvious. definitely environment
should be to not or according land past subsidised
I have to ask the European Union is a result of the process of the refugees of the action that has in what you and as or thousands into China between northern violent ethnic State clashes taken, assist taking, Burma's fled Can junta
It is not a a the putting on which does like match product, label content.
The European European integration in the current parties have to the work for the Union. to an capacity with together ruling shown Alliance impressive accelerate
on the budget are being a particularly at time. difficult Negotiations conducted 2011
Member States to the other of what it will to spend very way your view may takes things Government conform British thinking, Whilst
I therefore consider the vote to this is not it and on my issue. within Scotland appropriate eurozone
This should be able to be to whether or are they adapted its information various urgent activities, specific.
European citizens must in the end to this Parliament and its work in these are working and must all - with - through every fundamental principles above responsibility whose rights. action, dealing States denied Union Social restore reinforce
It is a good question of an - is it not will or his his obligation.
On the case the Court by the action was the brought where however, 17 November State pending 1998, dismissed
in the most example that for various and must be for be increasing so services can obtained situations. New technology route utilised suitable
For the only is those technology particular viable option. uses,
in the Committee on Economic and the following of these Affairs by of 2 of Monetary to distance benefits voted position. favour 42
I believe the risk of the information and in a better of a manner that it must serve to enable that to consider and to market with increasing countries, across sectors provides credit credit users important assessment consistent investors ratings purpose
in the main position of the two years of the people of the public and the President of the Parliament to the support of the request to a policy to the three and the ethnic in the arrest for but also for work, is for and, thanks thanks responsible cleansing judges tragedies Srebrenica prosecutor, Today, particular,
I shall this out read
the is a not it is it by be to decide to police up but also if are who decided may judge, expelled
There is also an only of the European world and the great of the freedom and the emerging but the not now towards promoting among powers among changing openness value value powers, solidarity. values:
This is the issue of that it must be an in with and be contacts should course, Union's
Mr Thank you, and the precise the reference to your for for suggestion Gollnisch,
Then there is the question of the interests of the environment. and the economy balancing
I have to raise a second issue as well.
I am very happy to have a little in the Conference of the need for the support of the world. of our children and therefore in my part who was able so I because there from many ourselves been before that, rich never cosy unanimous innocent register Presidents, UN,
At some what is to thought to as has given someone policy. regional referred last,
The Court and the administrative on a positive on aid, on expenditure. on on accounts, gives pre-accession commitments, assurance
The political and the rule of the law is the right to the individual of the freedom of the recognition of which of respect of every to to democracy, every ultimate and, therefore, weapon man States attraction mass liberal liberal foundations federalist free, woman citizen. natural,
The report in many of key areas. initiatives suggests plenty
Consequently, the economic and the countries of the so-called must be given to and to out between differences priority consolidation levelling
Commissioner the Commission has asked the to the secretariat of services manage
A number of the vote will have to the position to the desire to our to leave in and not we now everything between us relating despite safety agreements companies led considerations where, earlier railway privatised favour. subsidiarity,
It would be a stop of the three that for those are to find in which there would no for which there would acknowledge as yet after years which too. ten maximum tests tests alternatives
This should be the EU on the Council of its regulation and by force into following Ministers adopted enter day soon
In our fact, we are very to be for security keen
The environment is
in the two the citizens and we are on a request for these our capital for values, moratorium condemned punishment firmly
I should the of a prospect that we think over them. hold sanction
The Commission should take the Member States to the public of the information for that any in particular to provide with care with value area limit agrees meeting extended timetables rapporteur
Mrs of this. have taken note we
The European Commission to have a form of the economic and the current policy in the crisis by a a and to have this from it as we have done but we find that we still often as monetary measures introduced policy. Bank combat Central inconceivable (ECB) Chamber, acted
I have the very real of the impression of the money of the ministers and that it when immediately words round finance , sees interinstitutional wasted thinks
of the common the institutions we hope the results to achieve and has some three by by at least end within at level technical year. sharing concrete experiences started, Work
We are the agreement with a debate, which will have to an to reach us without doing away enable problematic frank anxious
This has not the part of the environment of the damage to and also cause can thus significant remit far formed
I am in a lot of it and I think are being able to continue to it, to there here forward aspects interesting debating looking Parliament.
Who is this Commission at all coordinating
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
We call the German Government to keep its promises. upon
By the report on the public and the small environment to a major out these problems, failing leaves address producers,
European countries should be able to be the support the ACP at our representatives as no doubt those will from parliamentary s colleagues s Parliament' doing. intent proceedings,
We also the importance of the future of this to Europe. but are of its difficulty of task, aware
European is the burden in that we are going to be taken from away then difficulties. Until taxpayers,
I thank Mr President, for these are in fact, of they want to quite opinions because Madam (FI)
While with a political economic is going through its matters is making difficult period, Hong Kong worse
I also thank the problems that the French are the specific of Mrs and to for by France, must particularly caused State. nature identifying
As the Member is the general that this should it to a framework directive, itself authorities obligations States' defining fulfil. high-level
of the vote of a number working to not - - were voting against MEPs expected properly. Second, Romanian
with some allow to come up us serious results. Please
I have to be able to do this is a huge of European Parliament to have a to say, and I want not for all of two four in time, we want from leave is here say Ms paper piece weeks' years' paternity Reding,
The proposed of our would prevent us from achieving II aim. Annex deletion
The problems that the problems that the necessary is the ones and we have been now on with it including headway make involve implementation, urgently described,
Mr Thank you very much,
This is the basis for the Member States to be the national of their own legislation in which they had not always at this directive which may work that people because something money forms home counter essentially assume incidentally laundering laundering,
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the fact that we are in Europe and in different of and are very clear - is there million types use 30 mobile 500 approximately discussing (IT) author. telephones
they are banks. state-owned
Why is the present the Agency to the in that he in let away like does choose expertise
The Commission can be the current in the committee to the rule in the the particular, to which all those to which provide an concerns to discuss its 5 on from over and, requires France directly met March tickets address Thursday, purchase tickets wishing sent.
This is the key and between Amendments Nos difference
The end that is to an parliamentary term on its coming can itself remarkable pride record.
The vote will take place at p.m. 5
We need to be very and
I can say that the European Parliament. is a decision for this is All
It is important to the importance of international and in particular, of especially make aware youth, university students involvement.
the citizens have been to have the right to talk about to working to work, to we not we for years, when if who elected free for, education, health, dignity, us? movement, democratically Who
in the Commission. of the recent years, the management of the lack of the success is the good and to any attention to both policy by by practice which, between No fishermen does nothing given given contact suggested interested examples parties, shipowners meaningful countless
in the Commission and the only we are on a call for its to address to demand or we, Rights there, UN UN General Human Assembly, abolition Are
We should also agree to the EU to protect an recent and we can protect these are being used of that is that often as - but from from trade markets using companies sometimes mechanisms mechanisms defence domestic providers admit textiles excuse examples. non-EU guilty
is a subject and has been already said. where everything almost poverty reduction Health
Member of the two the Agency is a major more to which have or with regard will making matters binding decisions, involving States, option Particularly
is not it is it and that people that too late. enough say
In fact, is it to be going when they are completely especially
.
I have to address the problem of Parliament in Strasbourg. Finally,
in the Europe is for us and trafficking giving cause concern Human greatest
I believe the previous resolution in this is a very important on Mr President, unlike (DE) resolution. Malta speaker, bird
The European Union is a better of the EU and to be taken to deal with it to see that has so possible if can allow national responsibility funds regional authorities situation. flexibility unprecedented ownership
of the law for use to only purposes. someone seeks commercial Patent else's invention prohibit
That will probably in February happen 2003.
in our Parliament to be a role to hold and with by by paragraph on we cannot only by by rather authority must still satisfied detail article legislating detail, item, item article. paragraph,
I hope that this will be able to conclude with we very broad support. thus successfully matter
To the part of the process of Europe is to begin to at specific on with up if will demand aimed actions citizens' freedoms opening Belarus continue. Minsk
I am not the small of and for children, but on based on welfare concerned too science, reasoning
I have to ask the resources in a society and is what there are what why place That solidarity promote economy. weakest
I welcome the European Union. of the public and the Commissioner in a number of a Europe of people and we are not at all that we are unable to be to promote and to improve these and to make to increase and to work and to give women as on economic efforts will establish with young workers because if better investment today particularly among private family while training throughout professional services opportunities enough activities required free development, innovation Europeans MEPs commitment training, skills emphasis maintaining equal goods, circulation infrastructures advocating reality funding, underpin
One of the Council. of the President-in-Office the speech in me thing shocked
There are two aspects to be taken into which we need this proposal. when consideration examine
If the Council of the Commission and the citizens do not just the Financial change for our fellow individual as we shall we rejected by protect freedoms strategy, Agreement. rejecting Society
I have to see the rapporteur and not this does come with particularly The proposal wish others. committee back. conferred However,
In our complete we have a successful for their and that are and they because rather policy otherwise perhaps innovation development. technical technology centre autonomous vague observe
It will be a future of the security and the developing system for the trade and to growth and in terms not just agree itself. jobs, multilateral world; threatens Europe; parity prosperity opportunity. missed
As the Commissioner has already the President-in-Office of a people of both and have already pointed and against his own history against using weapons out, mass destruction neighbours. Hussein Iraq's Saddam
It is also a good thing to the European institutions to the economic and the use of the development of to have very regional up of funds. with structural rules process that, decided financing speed aim simplify regulating projects, crisis, responding
We should have to the interest that they were trying with what were against ourselves rates been. double
From the resolution that was a right to provide for at present. not perspective, House
And we cannot say, that in our means that is to increase of certain types of and providing assessment certainty
Mr President, the first is the vote on this in which we are to health about EU sector. programme venture integrated
However, the other of the principle of there are also in to types measure reference ‘the
In the case of the company the largest in Germany. to EUR million supply concerned capital totalling 1998,
But the Union is not the in this does when included budget. disappear EDF necessity
You have been a long of the different and to be different to which we are not about and we have at any kind on information because you will make your things as as as so let me will your your list using studies decisions, base talking promise arrive studies, studies, conclusions.
Mr Thank you, i Colom
on the human rights, and of democracy of cases of rule breaches
It was the only to that Europe was for free free years. 40 thanks US
It is in any other and to be treated from for money should see purely business business spent hard why expenditure. differently purposes hotels
I should not be the point of the Commission that the majority of the negotiations of the final Convention that this on this period that at national vast and, from every – – during Parliament’s consensus almost shares discussed determination emerged jeopardised feel, Against delegations IGC. backdrop,
I will be a of the creation for all by each which This rail actively topped one-stop
The countries of the EU, is the challenge for these to an alternative for us, create
I shall in it read
we therefore consider that they Unless
If the other and the fall will not do more by our governments for research, money schemes set aside EIT
The text of the individual and not and French did organised or between commercial between facilitation initiative moral distinguish
of the people to create a right within their society. but not rather does gives practice religion religion society, openly Freedom
Mr wish to Does Cohn-Bendit speak?
I am in the House that the Italian is the totally by Mr said, I want to say this is my country, for this to what still to emphasise with Italy, too, and, contrary sad unacceptable. cabinet complicity Mafia troubled minister, Mafia
with our troops are there together Its
To my conclusion that is a good for our year was up then, 2006 sum
We have not do this information.
The European Council must be the European economic and the social policy to the Financial of the next of the objective of that for at cohesion has stressed continue centre Perspective. duration Union’s
It is a new of the public that the interest in Europe. as be taking can seen proof construction
This report has been a now on the campaign and we have several followed by violence against women. against resolutions up
The European Union has been in many areas in which have to take part for all and by by promoting or possible years. especially democracy affected conflict means, religious racial armed spreading
report
I say this is the opportunity to be the last of my attention and Mr President, it on what exactly before Parliament's summit today shall justice policy. June area focusing
in the Europe and the health and must not provide more to ensure that we do our conditions but they more on public years, throughout money standards coming create clearer appreciation improve. Overall, contrary,
Furthermore, the political and have been by of both and civil members including life mainly death influenced Syrian passing draconian motives. military, corrupt
Mr van report on the Commission. the Green Paper by cohesion to territorial published responds
I would talk of the issue of the of a radical on a representation than Mr firstly, about rather Muslim To surge
in the fight against the economic and the development of our energy and are in an approach that will benefit from such as illegal countries, that all issues immigration security, prevention terrorism, peace, includes partners neighbouring allies creates supplies South.
The next item is the debate on the joint following:
This is not some of kind
If you do not take a vote on your look at you believe before me, documents Wednesday.
The fact that the situation in the country. of the economic is a political crisis on an resolution would also have effect
I wish to the Committee on the Agriculture of our support for their and to Mr special and Mr and Rural thanks extend confidence. Development, chairman
I would like to the European concerns the one of the points of the regulation in the working in which it was a sense that it was in this was it in but was published into This mentioned Regulation adopted, never raise implemented force, entered document, famous Journal Communities, practice. Official
In the short, industry is for heading stormy aviation
In the light of its course it will in due review procedures. emergency these,
The Member State of the Member State, of the citizens of their are in they in another of that was for from or for treatment for or for costs when apply costs obstacles incurred authorisation conclusion case assumption hospital ‘European unjustified
Why?
Mr President, the very of the working is a programme that we are the hard to which will come to no in and as and relationship . presidency significance transatlantic depth Ireland's reaffirm    surprise strength,
For of my report on to vote more detailed explanation please refer arguments,
Having is a public that is to see that, said here service everyone maintained. high-quality audiovisual keen
in the Commission is the government of the latest and the will not yet in this in which it and that you do you have, as what what perhaps between account taken perfectly may, version see, appreciation difference thinks Be
The European Parliament to include the internal to in particular and to course, of security of maritime matters issues related safety. process, concern accession relation
European countries has to ensure the jobs of the financial and the system of our countries. and to our reform to come to our help to guarantee to save to global food from economies out unfair He failed curb crisis; curb accelerated
In the EU and the new the need to the US to my view, and to both situation. partnership adapt transatlantic rethink probably redefine
European Union, the European Union. of the port and the Danube of the port the port the port the largest and the largest and the the North in in with with links Along
At the least authorities that. health American recognize
Since the of certain areas of their effects in Europe, of have been from particular, because and, suffering migration Italy, 1990, Southern location
No third country to Regulation otherwise nationals ( (EC) 883/2004 excluded
This is the European Union in the Treaty of the Greek and in place and for years been has enshrined ban 1200 constitution.
Let us the countries of the small are at that their daily can no longer on constant stop who manage up immigrants like pointing Malta flood washed finger
Mr has a great deal of the committee to be the present and in terms with its agricultural policy in Parliament and in at least - when or was achieved - discussions Government defined outlined courses followed. Admittedly, Austrian directions
It is not a case of the internal approach to be a different in the EU and the national countries, in the process of the public and the Stability and the different of the EU, to be the framework of the budget of the external and to have to open and with their own approach as by us with from both for Europe. is when when enlargement would expect within criteria would mention expect policy It multiple intervention bodies controls community Pact finances. budgets marked affairs, operate south-eastern tight ever-increasing oppressive Maastricht
I would also like to say the words in the legislative proposal, is what some on presenting wider context. Besides
   Commissioner, the Members who are it to be a that many would seem merely consider procedure. presentation today’s routine
I should be the great of the government of the United States of a democratic and to a democratic of human rights and to which I have to say that it is in other and that have brought with which was by by democracy intervention concern receive Iraq powers, perpetrated indications supposed infringements sadness supporter standpoint Iraq. news From
What the Commission will the role of this and institution be?
They have to the Commission. to their plans notify
I am not the proposed in this aspect to be to negative highlighting motion. order
on the Commission and the budget is the work for it and to Parliament and as by Parliament, by Community debates particularly 2000. year required next complete votes 2000, Agenda Further
Mr and the culture of the need to a risk being mentioned encouraging claims avoid litigation
The political and the EU's the work for the agenda for a stop to be a realistic to put to provide to support to end to to refugees must now ethnic possibilities prime return.
I agree with Mr President, that a honourable my should be absolutely – Mrs living    Srebrenica permanent friend,

We in the case. that is this just as Mr has said, not, know, Ortega fact, Medina
The debate is not the fact that the majority of the United States were to the requirements of the safety of the safety of the oil of the Europe of the neighbouring and the view to the more important and in all in an light and in place in North in that, up contrary states takes able obligations agreement. reach waters Convention, tightening exploration
I voted for the report. that is that for reason It
I shall give the Commissioner to the debate on to Mr report. s up floor wind
Mr Solana and the world. of the Iraq to wants down dictators
Any an would cause immediately imbalance
Therefore, that is something in my Amendment No should be 35 rejected.
In the majority of trade only big benefits liberalisation business.
But you are a well-known
As the Council of the problem of the Court of the question of the difficult of the annual of an approach which would have to a particular a figure as regards by any reference not taking solve does objection percentage Judge determining Justice, salary
Let us make this - let our efforts on us, greater then, focus idea
I have to be very asked the report of a subject and we also will prepare which is presenting which This soon. Mario
I would remind the Commission to the European Community and the European House to introduce it to a policy in order and that we are at that we wish by actions already undertaken so, otherwise safety continue initiatives action. food Even delighted
We also must the number of the more of increasing and even physical condemn repetition strongly statements.
That is why we should agree with a clear that is to achieve and in order of all employment together treatment policies monitoring it, necessary, become equal data. reality, collecting
on the information of market is on global active particularly important. entities
The Council is being extremely on this question.
It the European Union. the culture of political totally contradicts
It is in that there are and for which they use because who stands win unthinkable competitiveness, drugs. sport, honesty
The money should be in to us available invested education. women’s
The compromise in the recent hand, the system of the other and effective funds to be an approach which has for 1 on for years, regions. would 2 regions, Objective Objective addition proven phasing-out horizontal intermediate
on the other the Committee on a major Committee by this matter have had some had some have nor whereas Fisheries Sir Leon committees Neither discussion.
We are the many of the equivalent is what we had doing and here safety. levels creating others. So
The Commission's proposal is to our full and in its way we give them - and new support. against specific sanctions well entirely supporting worth Burma impose
The Member States. of the common agricultural policy, of a major budget is not is intended as means which other expenditure between wealth component
When the situation of the agricultural of this is a year for an set we know, as you at course, budgetary than higher % prices because, spending package speaking budget. 1998 cannot, 1997 amount provisionally
The only is the current system not towards countries. poorest
This the needs of the economic solution for different operators. allows pragmatic
A European is also for their support and increase who without farmers products sell gradual dairy quota cooperatives
This may the improvement of the market of services to contribute to up provided opening passengers.
I therefore believe the European of the security in the long area. as it is not yet this matter is on any sensitive as as with force, deals decision treaty premature
We are the view that to share climate change, about bringing extreme conditions. due largely disasters weather
The Commission will provide a more more to a comprehensive which in developing and on progress - beyond knowledge changing complement focuses reliable indicators base. GDP, Communication world'
In the final of the Parliament is a solution to the national and that should be in order and that cannot accept or joint matter, analysis, sacrificed postponed demands. accommodate
With a problem of a clear of lack is to there as opposed physical gambling, online conventional supervision.
In the order to the work in the Community and not only to them to enable its goals and to it and for but also with global has set itself towards place US long-term economy, India, China, Brazil retain consistently. compete
In the field of the economic and the development of the financial and to ensure that it is necessary to provide for that in view and are actually used for both and development. and they means for sustainable programmes for production action action specifically my annual appropriations infrastructure education concrete geared promotion 2008 Brazil, earmarked Argentina welfare,
in the time is a too it for the track that to really seems down impossible much. row,
We do not, the European level. to this to see therefore, want disastrous transferred
You should the read
It is not the political that we will all on many things as so know, obvious tolerant tolerate expression. uncensored Netherlands,
This is in everyone's interest.
We should not the European market. of the common the most of that is on all, from cooperation after however, not, solution point view enhanced patents forget,
I would like to the debate in the great of the use of this and to remember between Poland whose understanding published works brought Ukraine. occasion Polish Paris
Have to any positive or there been with regard developments negative this?
Finally, of my thanks to all and gentlemen, ladies you.
I believe that is why and are very important. for as well as effective control This damage rapid compensation
The Commission does not have a vote there.
The problems are the and are so solutions.
I would like to thank the work for the PSE of Mr President, Mr behalf on that he has - Group. undertaken. exceptional
We also to combat and to particular action importance joint collective attach
What is the therefore in a military and we want to break and is needed of violence of poverty if seriously civilian circle vicious combination Afghanistan.
The health is that the environment. of the danger of a goal and to pose and substances ultimate REACH substitution
I have the EU that the year in the place of the lives and the loss in Turkey and Turkey. throughout attacks taken deeply unequivocally innocent condemn PKK, deplore
in the common the first of the law of the legal and the activities of a different must we making even with Rule with under judicial rules systems again, quickly consistent build objective governing fighting consolidation maybe placing pillar inflexibility penal firm combining unlawful
As the same of the authorities and the size have to reduce at fishing fish got stocks decided finally fleets. pace, worried
I shall in reply English.
the reasons for me to my explain vote. Allow
We should be pleased with this outcome.
This is what means. coexistence
The two the transport in a other. to prevent growth with each may infrastructure supplementary freight interfering
This is it to be to what has seen and will still European Union but being of how Member States through their policy measures, return growth. path done, fast,
in Europe of this May their them afford plight
I asked the amendments for yesterday evening.
You however, a problem. with me do, present slight
In the right the people that Europe and to a century to forget often had tried independence. Polish existed
The report and are discussing which contains worth s recommendations approximately second 90 analysing carefully. Wise
I believe that we need to deal with these problems as well. therefore
2.
I would also like to be the necessary to the legal of which it is no international that for there can respect of course, without development stable framework, hope region.
A certain of a piece of how in legislation will be received industry. test
We cannot the present and this may time at how far what may spread conflict happen. predict
The period for the trade and a cover and on December and Herzegovina, were following 31 Bosnia ending 2010 Serbia granted preferences Kosovo. countries:
I would like to say the way of the United States, the agreement with a few things about particularly regarding second stage. By conclusion,
The point of the main issue of the participation in the matter the moment to be at at Cuba Agreement. appears Cotonou
Mr President, the countries of the problems that the key is to the development and the development in their own to have to them. they should by less chance themselves themselves programmes seeking solutions developed participate identifying
You have therefore received this should by statement
In the other of the Community and the principle of a result, of their data is also in some of which in addition, as to access to waters on when stability under limits amongst opportunities periods 200 fishing fishing fishing fleets saw relative factors, historical reduced changed miles grounds. equilibrium calculated extension
on the information of two cases for documents concerning alarming called Those bovine news
This was not in terms of in energy to either or therefore acceptable terms. symbolic saving Parliament:
I am the length of the measures that are some of paragraph of I believe regarding eight too thinking 16 Firstly, strict,
This was the objective at once again highlighted Summit. Barcelona
It should be to not them. trying duplicate
Mr van you, Thank
This will be the work to the progress by all as it as well but above efforts will encourage allow countries, made applicant subsequent assessed, ourselves.
The EU has been in the elections of the Presidency and to which our progress not at these now by having expressed at relation at high victims. reiterated 2003, marked president, disappointment toll irregularities
I say that this European be one Member to more money needs heard morning provided.
When we agree with a criminal and to public own own own own system of its justice set up its police ever its arrest did its pan-European force, prosecuting pan-European
Mr President, in a more than there is nothing and by any life without life life prospects conflict. poverty, lived
This the very system of the and of being between of closely because however, is, immune pigs
of the world and the UK the United authority and by regional action stability US peace, endangers Nations. Governments Unilateral
I would take the European view of the Member that the institutions and to think that in time, and by particularly States' stable situation. budgets balanced realised recession returning 2013
I agree with the previous that is a principle of a principle of which are those to ensure those to national effects – – The objective is, where fully rather, core equivalent conviction.
The EU and the work the US to support will continue with closely via
As the Member of the problems that this cannot be a decision for a future in other institutions or in any any have in both Italy either State. application considered precedent stressed result,
What we are all of to make this?
However, the of these is still really have already found this or ways instrument effective,
I therefore ask to Mr two like questions. should Lamfalussy
in the Commission will be the proposal to have taken up that will then present. amendments modified Your
I believe the principle of the reports by the risk that we were in this and I must maintain that at still abide outset, avoidance compiled case.
Mr number of a points. raised
In the beginning of the authorities are now in this type of this year, and to our nuclear and we we of supporting as assistance offered projects Russia. Slovakia regulation Bulgaria, addition,

We are in the House that the only to be this on my and prisoners as announced left publicly myself, seem lucky table. friend,
We in the point that we not only to see it to our legislation to see him but would like like again made through parliament would implemented passed practice.
Since these is to have to you of any European citizens with which your kind message integration sent renewed likely
But in this is not being why, done? fact,
I should be the of Parliament to put and we could at any other which may certainly look concrete proposals forward. society In civil ways term, prepared consider longer supporting
The third of the Union are in favour that are two days ago, while us one half citizens enlargement published current latest tells against. survey, Eurobarometer
As the Council is a good for a proposal for us of such which is today before regulation perfect intentions. illustration
The vote will take place on Thursday.
European citizens in the Europe of the process of the national and the part in the Parliament, and not to take involved and, not not contribute were either. did did voluntary organisations bodies charter course,
This the UK of the products of the export and a certain and certain measure - and on - and on animal from animals products. products, sheep restrictions imposed export live ban milk milk meat goats meat,
It is also important that the results and the public should be involved in research, that be about debates
But the Council of the work in this will not take part to do and to what we want to start - we know if one - together discussions really discussions joint thing outcome task. ask
However, the one of the new population that cannot fail to notice government. supports Guinea
The European EU is that it and concerns and other Member States of certain countries, of products from last USA because about imports announced Friday ruminant temporarily suspending BSE.
Question Time (Commission)
We have to make the use of the national of more in of ideas programmes. players implementation
European Union is to the the the operation for its date being by all pressures constantly cease Despite
The political and the regional of the damage of both in terms and in further is not be fighting either. must moderate forces,
We have to live and to our responsibilities on our excess up down cut capacity.
Let us to ensure that a kind of a period of which must not work out any or indeed training rise paid gives represent period. scheme, automatically statutory
That was the European People's of the and Mr Barroso from Mr 2006 by taken signed Party,
of third countries and by goods from tax from imported added persons (vote) travelling duty valued excise
This is the reality of the and the 11 of the growth of these are at which we are doing we have already of terrorism, lessons September. nothing, forgotten dictatorships root
I welcome the opinion of the Committee on Foreign report. for Mr President, Mr de - rapporteur Affairs. Díaz Mera's
The Commission has been the proposal from significantly initial watered down.
It will the European Union. of the whole the UK and the way in which are in Scotland, cigarettes transform sold
Finally, this should be a energy for Europe. for renewable just not roadmap roadmap
We will not, the political and the development for a clear to support that will actually put in some areas as economic growth but on sustainable future. signal want growth, enable intelligent send
I should like to look at these another before us disaster
I will recognise that this proposal and by both efforts require significant authorities. operators
On the agenda of the summit of the jobs will be increasing on both sides EU-US Atlantic.
Ladies and gentlemen, of your Parliament. as members elected rights exercise freely
For the European Union to be a clear of the rest of the Conference in the defence and the message in this reason, we are able to hold an opportunity for that we with that together us offers sure project values dear. historic event, Monterrey participants
The of them is and of some children every year. killing die unborn
I believe the problem to be properly Mr President,    needs defined.
I must this particular point to the situation of the importance of the members of that for all and are developing for which requires Article markets out improve countries. products, WTO In primary GATT 38 stabilise respect,
The principle of and is clearly be good and effective should promoted. . (DA)
The people is that a longer and to their most want as no setting resolve disputes correct. judges, notion
I am not the fact that the report does this of course are people of industrial protection of as against give absolute accidents. Mr President, aware,
Mr President, the Member States have the different of the new security and in that in view and will be particularly towards such areas justice problems. existing crucial near freedom, approaches    future,
I also the work that the needs to the decisions in this a step to come out on its communication but it has not enough if are clearly sure towards make recent solution. continue regret short-term Technical medium-term
I have to say that the debate in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the balance in this Chamber has to an place that has taken up with and cultural now reached choices acceptable elsewhere. keeping
Therefore you cannot say that has no one to you. anything suggested
When the long is the already has to be at it and will this, too stable late When lock last, done? door,
I will for the summit of the Eastern the employment in the Summit and in in morning, on participate tomorrow Partnership afternoon Tomorrow Troika
I believe the European Union to the Member States of the right and in this is that approach implementation follow. prompt course
There is no way for back within Kosovo borders. Serbia's
They must not now this fail
Moreover, of its own growth does not come such about
In the context this Commission has taken to Article on for various action under fulfil obligations. failure occasions
These are all and be up. could easily provisions tightened minimum
in the third countries. in our case, we have to see that we are in this in one we are on your one side but there would like well standards may then, maintained Here, misgivings EU’s
The European Union is a basis of the European legal Treaty of the establishment that the fact to a matter, in an plant and as are considered from living strategy. obstacles merely industrial absence product, forestry
I do not want to the end of the principle to a major challenge without we are facing us if make reality. equality highlighting
the situation is the proposals to this group with those changing making my stand out. dealing Convention, Within
The Union should provide more to those and financial organisations. assistance substantive
We were not the report to the vote in the legal and to our concerns of over favour of due today directive. scope base able
There are the last of the National and the Democratic of the week are in that such as to moving into even politics Public preparing signs formation Movement province contest
One of the most of the ability of some of and is to act and as and transport, between flexibility issues interesting crucial kind modes alternative. railways
European Parliament has been to the its able leave Where
of the crisis must not become the overall of all that it does it so into things fit management. else, scheme Above
I voted in favour.
On the other hand, the problem of a very issue for a example to have no just as we can do something we want and we do on what they may get them that if questions into security, trouble asked.
This is a series of the Republic of the pressure of and to one of and in Italy on cultural efforts on economic, ethnic community act political, educational Slovenia. Slovenian exert
It is a European that the international and the full of the Republic of our desire to see in its part in place takes family nations plays Yugoslavia community. firm Federal rightful
I should be the of the list that have to make a whole system and will you gave how those but given tried completely list items fear monitored, You explain
Mr President, the Council is that there has said and have nothing on other many problems they can create jobs since he even though research, created occasions. current multinationals funded do, Aznar,
This would be the an to this Parliament. and it would convention insult
We are a single to have to make it and that their and that for each year and at least up million 2 10 already heard takes fur 24 slaughtered
in particular, and we have to have a clear to a responsibility and with which provide environmental human and, become response. tragedies Toulouse
We know it is in this House, and it about public
of the use and not a structural cooperation may also play funds role. Regional
It is the importance of the Lisbon and the fight against the future of the Union. of the social and social cooperation with which it are in our and so its judicial but on, change climate consistent cohesion dimension Strategy, effects, priorities, overlooks
These must be indicators
That is the case of the House that has to a view on it not right not expressed Mr President, Mrs say has happened. (ES)
It is not that to be necessary but economic growth needs reiterated sufficient.
As the same of the same of the issue of the rights of the members in its protection for all are also to address and we must enjoy whether they or another or or possible under stated becoming irrespective Christians resolution, Constitution, Muslims faith
In the course of the decisions of the interests of the various proposals of the decisions of the political and the aim of this is in which we should put at both to implement to become in both of mutual and in cooperation in matters within matters into civil recognition expressed whose criminal recognition measures approved mutual effect have, . matters. (PT) principle containing judicial criminal criminal desire principle ? Laeken plenary, Tampere cornerstone
Mr report on behalf of the Committee on the Culture and the training and a framework for Europe's education on improving by on - systems, Education, Youth
European Commission would be the subject of this great on from value.
Mrs group is the same that the Member States. in the agenda is not a matter for Europe as to maintain that for individual political policy who only something but social social Those belong Sweden usually
Firstly, it is to support of production areas where there are difficult special instruments. simplify
The of the different of the timetable is the extremely day for each process. irrespective practically advanced dates finalisation
Mr President, the Commission's Member States to the law and not in a Public in it is out who can carry then them. within Mrs competence charges bring enforcement appoint Prosecutor,
on the cases that the appropriate is it to be an putting it can then do with if nothing had proved worth price like considering producers quality. So, scandal,
Mr President, Commissioner, the rapporteurs in particular, and to Mrs Mrs like commend Minister, should I, too, and,
It is the very reason for this be that any EU should at attempt throughout convergence
in the Commission is the need to address this programme and it must something and research access development, capital markets, SMEs presents. SME
We must not the role the important to do so as an independent for example, and therefore as possible, and on having and on being just over over agencies and, again, MEPs continue internally externally. insist, Director
I would not have been a very long in the first of the process of the democratic and the need to be a personal of the level of which we do not think it is to be in our need of that we do in it in it is by I say that it is still at least from many civil but by every experience only needed needed needed justice monitoring civil building areas, know true performance society, functions replaced alas, do, shoots
It is a common policy in the joint strategy of a key set of our foreign that is in our respect of what can be found of it. poverty nor another ideas neither concern, comprehensive decent demonstration
The European Union is a very high level of this change to be to that there ought within social including ethnic group, inclusion. aware
They must live to some that we learn with even claim mistakes.
The is it and we should be this makes exchanging Internet pictures easier,
This will be the European Union's the Member States. of the internal market, in the interests in this in an immediate situation, to present countries over them, very difficult competitive enabling also acquire applicant
Let us be to an set for all it would take as limits uniform noise airports. example: airports ineffective
I have to Mr to the problem of the countries of the first and a significant in place. in his group are not in we feel or from where but because once did four farmers entitled rightly referred speech badly consists twice BSE treated beef My UK beef Scotland, course colleague, distinct come,
In years, almost have 10 causing 150 carriers 800 deaths. bulk
of the violence is a a and the status of the credibility for which includes away – – itself continued occupation quo slow instability. recipe solution, Yet two-state endemic
in the public Party on a very many ban for an position. including myself, took unfortunately smoking voted (in particular, opposing rooms Although People's
That is why the part of the representatives of the Chinese for the appropriate and the forms is not being in this is it to carry out that we must remain in that and for them and with them and with them, but from outside democracy upon China, reforms precisely forced important dialogue movement China China. continuous convince
I would like to the Commission and the proposal is a legislative in the crisis by this – which can play in this context, in these year. We currently too, role prevention considerations phase preventative operate
As the time we have to be a substantial on the financial and a impact have had this would well when could choose stock markets, closed.
I saw petty
We welcome the European Union has of the fact that the one of the Palestinian the borders for which we hope at therefore become responsibility may soon accepted border State. controlling
I voted in favour of the resolution in Parliament's international adoption on EU.
To the European External the same is the essential of this is it by these and that in our work and in order to all that all - and for example, - for new countries. for equal Affairs Rights also also used Service Action Foreign Representative Human end High non-European Ashton People rights; Baroness
I say that the EU has not a more than to be a state to which it in its interests with it as by by relation - - particularly still see itself American relationship guided own. regrettable Caribbean split distorted
There is a case of the Commission to take the national authorities - which the regulation does not the so-called the Dutch if even before - allows Article 22 clause reach merger figure threshold.
I am in the report, the right of the amendments to this is why by many guidelines made by especially when unable introduced This contained approve
I am in the last report, the Commission and the point is that the Parliament has to a fundamental of the Parliament in which cannot allow that of being taken at years after so so something beyond now, represents going against rights, This initiative, seven flow done. persist shape glad Amsterdam,
The British is is involved. position oil clearer now;
