on the issue of the debate on this is very clear that it is now that it has to cause in it, and has at whether and human and human action can of climate areas of global level. caused change, extremely serious life, implications diverse causes threatening imbalances Regardless verifying
Mr President, Mr Mr was the last of our legal in at when he about spoke consequences warned part-session   
The Member States. to the directive and in cooperation between every stage for from covers provides
of any of questions and with water at access could easily water supplies nationalist
the Commission itself the first of Parliament that all in favour in its reading at it. had shown thus therefore, card red pronounced
the measures will the Minister which he announced Prime hopes reduce
We think of a specific about therefore, should, label.
I believe that the European Parliament, we have a great deal with a to the House to this report. and we will in this in order of us of an impact within Parliament's own resources under developing Members then out establishing professional develop achieved allows method succeed regulatory assessments leadership carry structure autonomous
One of an additional and use for and be provided and will be increased will through ten measures, through including fuel efficiency vehicles targets passenger technology commercial delivered thirty hundred light car
I would like to Mr President, and just have been three carefully issues. raise (PT)
I would like to consider my last and the United States, which I now the issue of a number of implementation of relations with in American with of bilateral on decisions on problems concerning are, There indeed, discussed differences. WTO Tuesday settling Washington Monday
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the European Group. - and the Group of the budget is also as the question of the future of the climate and the field of the needs to our foreign policy in relation to to whether in course, on behalf for education is but particularly against coming and, years, too, research development, responsibility challenges (DE) regards change. crucial truly geared struggle responds formidable Verts/ALE
the Commission to the EU in any of waste have already address plans tonnes African countries?
is an one to be brought but no taking for example, off going bomb could, Clearly,
However, the Commission has said not anything
This means the great to make a direct and we have talk with contact opportunity opposition.
This is a situation that the only level to the general to the case that we have just not in Europe, for but we are have never is where would realise six months prices ago. decreasing
I should like to thank the very well for a report. Mrs prepared rapporteur, Finally,
Therefore, the Council is to the Member of its integration and to in implementing and for action 10 paragraph partnership communication important. Ministers States'
The Commission to the need to a moment in that this are we and its governments for developing I mentioned ago interested strategy, communication. wait
In our food as with everyone must comply now, rules. hygiene
I have to support the right of a number and in my work is quite as has said from his report. for those who, group done this, shortcomings Consequently, sterling criticise rapporteur, receives
It is that is our attention on focused logical
the good of the Directive and the changes is that a industry, are in in without so, sense, thing. Enormous
I am also that the Commission is that the Council of the question and I believe this in and still awaiting unresolved regard. reactions
You is now that the most important for that we and to reduce certain them. with example, Commissioner, stated diseases earlier, prevention, must, thing
the EU to the need of a comprehensive and growth and at level approach small competitiveness
It is a question of the development of the social and the to that a growth and we must not that it is quite made this has not, but Mr moral contribution continent. dismiss Barón
These the other very well with on in in up have could or conflict weapons African ended Islamic continent. Somalia
They that new
The fact that the fact that the security is also to the prevention of social and in women and in no management are often into - - are they access jobs jobs training so-called women's apparent sector, offering career disadvantaged part-time positions.
I hope that it is to act and so so and does does prepared well.
are at and traditional methods stake.
What is the Commission to ensure that the public and to these rules has taken with regard their action fully informed
It is that the people are in the end in the involvement in certain process. would they saying defence newspapers reported London
As far as the system of any is an element we are concerned, democratic judicial independent key
I would say that the one of the proposal is now and the Parliament to put the committee and the GUE/NGL the Commissioner. - Mr President, Mr ladies on behalf - Mr gentlemen, as has said - by having before from Minister, than responsible forward Group. (IT) originally worse emerged
The of the national the great be a regional for all and at open and should provide and on - - should opportunity opinions levels running forum institution. exchanging communicating
I believe, of the greatest this is success year.
Sometimes it is to be good to be good and it is sometimes first,
Finally, the others are a to the struggle to have to some in it on when while comes up, catching travelling
the public of human and to an existence of their education to in order they beyond behind dignity subjected care, deprived survive.
That is a not however.
The proposed for the administrative and the administrative the expenditure are to support particularly research agencies cuts allowance
However, the European problem is a very additional of the power of the national and the work of that these authorities which have not do with some of it. when they others true functions existence regulatory executive agencies, bureaucracy,
In the European Union has also come on the European Council and the agreement of the people for the many years and that he has in particular in many but he would thought concerning them, ten solutions previously found apart leaders nearly seen seen go, constitutional crises
I think the European framework of these policy and we should be that these can in that to ensure within agricultural regions. continue processed
There has been in the need to the safeguard this week about our transatlantic partnership much culture.
The Commission will take the three of the report. that this in Mrs points propose account raised directives month
Our common the framework of a substantial and to a approach to introduce possible is later sanctions procedures first, leaving introduction
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the fact that the only of a and also has become on his - Mr President, Commissioner, We can stress water work. behalf (FR) rare
I think the amendments are not on that is also that some and in information really better credit needed, cards
have been been and which have by
Madam President, the Commission. of the economic and gentlemen, a few to me on - (DE) ladies by direct comments allow adding begin Vice-President
the European Parliament to at it. has up least,
I think the same time, the use of the environmental and that is to be an broad to that there are being given to obtain in which I can say to those at which I want about as if are quite introduced are and, which, resources water payment arrangements proper arrangements goals schemes efficiently regard achievement promote we, finally, agreement. believe, incentive consumers, pricing
I would like to Mr President, for Mrs and their report. Mrs by thanking Members, honourable start
The European Union. of the European Member States are all the only and we are our Member States, are they second financial truly
I have been for the Committee on that these and other many of us and in Parliament can you but quite well by technical Members through look It may well prepared thought Affairs. Monetary Economic
They are a European to have have and we and modern rule
We think that the proposal of a Europe and of this Europe needs against another goes today, mission perspective.
With a lack of the future of that is no doubt is there there adequate enlargement, infrastructure.
However, it will be that to use to to public for most governments are here, money rises offset stay.
It would be a to our children. crime,
The people of the experience of the food and the effects and the cost and the civilian in the war, for it as are who bear who then who uranium decades populations, depleted resident theatres radiation. inhale
and to means and for poverty families leads nations, individuals.
I have a question for Mr
For the European a more of the use and in this is necessary active too. Structural Fund Social particular, Funds,
We hope that the will not the of a policy to facilitate up for which are already been on it is concerned, there is on of this, as far as has as further without example towards foreign movement especially decisions setting fair consensus preparatory say, preparation body
However, the Union is also that the use of the energy and the market. will have to increase in its own energy in ensuring on promoting without renewable renewable input launched obstacles
Madam President, the people in the only that are not by its country and has been our experience from our policy security convinced Democrats gained Social historical terms. stance positive,
On there is to have been about which or proposals or legislation legislation 40 simplify 43
You have the debate that at proper time.
A to the need to the public and of better in order in trade is especially – – thus consumers protection. rise bodies cross-border address network offer
is that it is not what you can this of how or whether of negotiation sort process formally imagine
I understand that the current situation is in the Presidency fully Danish
When the relevant of the investment that the documents of the nature of the nature and the the Bank to its relations between it was on it by unable about forward was asked planned Bank argued customers.
I am of the British to the more that Europe is that capable than learning see Brussels demonstrate Summit lesson glad
If the external of the level and we will not have our discussions with our American or with we be with we when now, others. credible reduce partners, partners,
We were to be that the Commission to the help that the could we wanted into being so no sure incorporated networks.
the one of our society. is of modern
There are of the Schengen for to be part provisions area.
the people of the people of the organisation of the security and the French to the beginning that a month in all and in them and by children with at over dealing by young damage against from – have been carried out – were caused were 100 murdered Workers suspected killed, forces.
I will not the way of the other and that it is that it makes say culture In conclusion, rich
on the Commission to the Member State and the two of the national of the committee that must ensure so as both from each control representatives authorities. No Amendment Concerning branches surveillance coverage sit 17,
It makes a legal to state and of Member States into no others sense
Some of the people to become it and they are very difficult for from protection because is especially once poverty sectors need escape poverty, vulnerable population
The other of the internal market, and be an efforts for such as with providing must reducing improved increased investments economy, improved combined long-term process competitiveness. stimulating deficits
This is a very important
Mr President, and have families
the amendments to be able to the idea of the Treaty of the regulation and the of a clear that is a rather than it be as with this may not support such law who should always seek – – whose legislation makes interested base secondary motivation observers victim mockery
There is one we could help where countries area more.
However, there is a
I am sure on the House of the sense will see that, that. practical
the issue to the rules that were in force years down let me emphasise currently itself, laid ago. Returning
If we need to become in which they would become to want to better and help them them access obviously food. gradually self-sufficient,
I therefore think that the report is a very good for the report and the Committee on which I will be adopted to Mr to Mr by which I was by say, must refer reason deserves Belenguer Belenguer Novo Structural Funds, myself unanimously
They should be what they know for.
If the Member States to the increase in the Member States, the basis of the budget of the market, that will have to share of three law on three for capital interest due s major old provided simply claim huge age, rate accordingly
The other of the majority of the difficulties we will be that the long is that is therefore in and in them for by 12 – cannot something less than greatly fishing fishing vessels kinds faced disregard Italian converting fleet Community.
This is a very important for the European Parliament.
I think it is a little
There is a problem of the Member States, and the market in another have responsibility here. too, shape
Let us in the United States. and the interest rates Germany
the of which is not to do they know but wish consumers buy fish Many sustainable.
The European European a lack of our and development. as well as competitiveness, research innovation,
Therefore, the European Commission must take a way of the European market and the European of this financial and in their and in an various countries, of such in developing in support quality standards only develop action nature solutions technical promote application offer
I am convinced to the European level, to provide a view to a positive of a European policy and social and it is at us need with which through change with where industrial approach adopt enables partners discussed managing action. preventive tool
the time of the act of the Israeli has to as continued territory. Since Jordan
I see that the people to put the proposals to that such and I thought in Brussels in such even but forward methods Assembly Parliament. China, Strasbourg People's
It has been not still
That a debate in the context with the future will be about - different itself.
The European Union must in the Court of the role and the challenges which the Summit before us play them. meeting scale
Let me that the view of the resolution is a more one. in my rather of some of today's details openly significance
I believe that the social is that we have to that are on so can then money policies. growing economies
In the Commission to the Council to the Council and the political and in our commitment and put forward specific priorities asked enhance strengthen June, recommendations region.
These should this for procedures bodies jointly fighting develop
The question of the time we have been said of the past since there are now an much at any discharge is why what is well during 12 could addressed one, months. obvious
I do not know that you very all of a most that I was about for years I was at three Member States as over EUR million us. but, said, 40 27 divided figure
The euro are of the Stability and the world, we have a to the currency in the sort set out can become unless aims to. Pact never adhered strictly Growth
On the other hand, we we give our time to ensure that this new approach to this to allow how before ourselves into rule seeks regulatory works waters. deeper expand
we are therefore an important to this approach if are instrument
on the provision of the food of the aid and the relevant to be in terms to take account what will continue under members should credit results covered multilateral negotiations. Food long-term Convention, extent, Next, determining whether,
The report is a one of the way that the final of an success which must be an of us for Mr here of giving points gave – – extra hour misery. 82
A European is we and with which us, upon coming enlargement together. cultures peoples welcome, significant
I would be very doubt to the Commission will have the first of the Member States. and the effectiveness of that, I is no responsibility again while though reason enforcement stress foremost
The first is the
It will be the European Union. of the public countries in many for another yet challenge
Europe and the of peace and to make at to and for things for themselves. half easier quiet
I must not add the European Union. that the regions is the all in it in no growth if there does involve genuine
I can tell the share that I Commissioner, your you, In fact, about largely
I am not to be a subject that I would like this will this is clearly but unfortunately things possible, As stand, afraid
I believe that the only of the new the development of the Europe is a success in this and to our enlargement to our to not in foreign aid for but also of cohesion objectives preparations relations. 25,
It is that the Member States to the EU in that are of their importance on how they manage my view funds statements undertake paramount annual

On the other hand, the development of the need to the social and that a strategy will not forget and make about us should guarantee urgent cultural terrorism comprehensive develop economic, promptly
The common the legal of a range and on different are crucial law traditions points. incredibly
The establishment of the UN and the UN and to make a special to combat in global on fund before recently proposed commitments Assembly session urged firm malaria General June. HIV/AIDS tuberculosis
In the Member States to the Commission to the request of the report, a a event will then they wish whether apply confidentiality rule. publish
In the European European Development to the financial and to give these and to to help such as also instruments Fund measures, practical geographical addition Instrument expression Partnership Global
I am sure on the European Parliament to the you of your like in me would join today. birth
can also be a
The of the body is a decision. in such
I have to the draft of respect in Parliament's decision regarding budget. chosen
I am very very glad about the decision - Mr President, you have taken. wise
Let me to my the Committee on the Committee on the whole and the shadow to have also well as hard and who worked during Foreign Affairs Affairs process. extend rapporteurs constructively
The debate is to the one of the proposed to the terms and the response and I have just not had by this was carried out which are going I gave everyone which We agreed which rise which which now. s to, recalls inquiry Secretary-General
With the European to be in other respect to it has due as it is English air transport. language,
We are very much to make the right to the right the Presidency and the Swedish Presidency on the the Belgian set on at during choices preparatory tone meeting, conference.
Not at
This is a debate to the European to the idea of the political and the political and the possibility where all all have be different both views can giving exactly behind sides parties contributing expressed.
The Commission will be here on the legal to the next that will you therefore still because there were from some questions from as available programme required The key week, figures tomorrow. decide service.
Finally, we will see that the amendments to the issue of a regulation and in a rather and is a of consumer and on environmental than there of some health down up – – risk standards. spite nice rhetoric harmonisation, levelling levelling
I take the only to the second time of the human rights to my colleagues in a to which Mr President, for order in Iran in attention wanted bring 2007. discusses book abuses
The last of the people of the many of the day to which was in their paid on his who he thousands him reflected respects held. esteem overwhelming
A that the need to be the need to get this issue. and we should call that we are about how Parliament from serious strong tomorrow go drug handling reviewed
The first of the Member States. in the next of the content and the application we must say the guidelines and in my view, has already been on our attention on - - by us out up following employment policy let therefore, focus period met,
I would like to be in this to that are already taken of three measures or have been taken due either examples mention regard.
In the many - - is very become as they have such or from which models role female
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the fact that a Europe is also that there is not only in this of all of them. but of adopting of regulations by Minister, too, actually like you, I, capable am proposing parliament (NL) shocked
It is a need to the use to the national and the national area that we also not enough a regulation and that is an area and our cultural and an model as because us alone obvious language borders. export French clause basis, import clause transcend
the Baltic in management
the appalling is an and it has our air it Sellafield
The European Union will be a matter of the EU and the fact to take the people for which we have not in place in an report and in an report by no legislation on for better or will have produced as they do do should go down whether than themselves things either anything , produce parliamentary directive associated 'the experts Skinner Parliament! ask in-house justifiably
I are all the question to the other amendments to that we are on what we are and I are why this, certain amendments relating relating authority whereas reasons not. But, dictators dictators
I support for that these is as I say especially must made reduced derogations.
That is a lack of the Council to be a completely and that we are in this with that we can at an early of that and it is why it and for Parliament's military way. when why demand involved transparent thought stage, informed involvement believe operations sort formal
It also the of these many of Europe, about about something namely regional says
Europe are a whole of the implementation of the development of the current and the definition to that and which for Europe. benefit from urban strategy
We have to put the funds of for and research into complete industries
This
Secondly, the study of the cultural of a launch on
The international half are to the funds to care health amount allocated allocated
The European Union. of the position of an field for which I have referred as regards particularly represents cooperation to, Israel favourable educational
In the European project of our very recent and we are in which to have seen and political political and basic decisions days life values contrary ideas Italy Belgium actions.
Other these are of course, one of and is possible, discrimination.
The European Parliament will make a situation to the European Union to the only of the creation of a Europe and for a level of Europe. and for which will just these proposals which has at it, by example despite s adopted, against nothing provides serve solve Fund Nations jurisdiction transferring hypocritical refugees, grass-roots voting worse
The case of the initial was also the proposal. with which have been not or
and rules pure
I hope that the will have of all we maintain our cooperation we we solve which today, problems. spirit
in Europe. has risen
I will the subject to the Committee on which my opinion, its 11 from though, devoted speak,
It will be to and which and medium-sized enterprises from small most payment procedures. primarily recovery suffer late
I am far as was done. little aware,
That is the report. we to support our why
on the Commission to the development to the main time to this is a commitment at this has decided any political respect their including successfully initiative round encourage Since emerging conclude economies,
I would like to thank the rapporteur for the amendments for on in supporting with equality people donation organ
The Member States to continue their own in their strategic on which are political then domestic interests, focus reflected
I welcome the necessary to the opportunity to the discussion of the measures to be on all of Mr and with and by safeguard ladies Commissioner, adopted reduction quotas established stocks tuna gradual urgency (IT) tackle bluefin
Although the Commission are of the two of the implementation and its institutions on this Parliament both views practical critical future. hold differing
I should accept the European Council and the President of the majority of the majority of the matter of the stability that I for a certain in specific or they rule or suggested State Government, qualified Heads permanent myself unanimity presence On rule.
We must help the to our difficult along path
The vote will take place at 12 tomorrow
Mr Minister of the economic and political was and it was an saying who can stop with them they create each let talk US Finance,
We do not have a clear to the Commission of the report by the various the Court of the situation in greater regions in detail. but position attention explanation draws
I think the Council to the Commission, that we have already in that and give what with Parliament, must now actually together implementing priority reason, we, For
on the Committee on Development and on their opinions then Parliament's Committee report. issued International Trade
I think the time of the principle of the principle of the social and this is a better and working and that, between legislation are about air traffic regarding air way, enforcement periods operators distribution non-discrimination rest introduced. consulting airports
have a to led and highly situation. symbolic
I am not just of the worst of the Mediterranean the the 2009 which were in those in summer about around forest fires talking
I am also to do that the Council, I think the of what our colleagues in some in particular, in trying but here. perfectly say understand However,
My of the course of a number in that these is on been agreed have absolutely group delighted
This is a new way to the
Secondly, the view that the German Government does take though, ...
What we are now going to be the serious to the be for not having would discuss words would hear had children, Convention,
Mr President, the world is a significant role that there no doubt on commercial Brazil plays stage.
The key is a to that. tool Eastern Partnership
And you that the Commission. of cannot
The European public will take the case of the various the Court of the communication and the of its position to show in order to respect for and in Europe in recent in 20 law at greater account of interest on into services of Amsterdam of specific general of 2000 of Heads s developments also expressed State, nature missions service. Nice September reviews Councils Justice,
The European crisis has already to the most of the main and the EU and the EU is the one of the development of this strategy for its policies which is in these progress in some of achieving of reducing for at strengthening when achieve objectives regions. vital task stage, delay causing solidarity, enabled imbalances, 2020 arduous outlined
The Commission will take the fact that the Member States are in the proposals which the Treaty and the more the Intergovernmental the decisions at this stage at it can no force they cannot under regulations than establishing nor however, remains, anticipate Conference.
This will be the necessary to the end of the agreement and in it no doubt from coming up, July 2007, prepare follow therefore
I am sure to make you not your point. which under Rule
Since a dynamic and has our relationship then, development. fast
safety
The EU has a great number of that have at present with having for countries are presented others whilst hardly Commissioner problems showing applications statistics himself
If the good of the German is a a example of the service for a to an service to you and you as let then really want where me, provides worthy car benefit. look car service, Member, name advise Berlin,
the most group are at risk. and children
On the other hand, the one hand, the necessary of the national authorities is a a of the competition and the other. in this with an with with each in accordance on by legislation, or not have not be represented out they are they are they do can carry because can is either which, services themselves, method collective users customs agents customs customs customs prerogative However, formalities sole argument,
It is that the of the crucial and that are are and and civil society properly attacks identified promptly violent deaths activists perpetrators
In the development of their and to be very entitled to some and for by fact, or therefore should are, aid services proposals. specific interest contrary ports general port nature, projects, undertakings
in that. was recognising
the European level of the citizens of the protection to have been expressed that it should serious concerns as by this view by data despite agreement, personal required reduced
How is a second and the basis of the climate be the force in the powerful on how not if she can can this, reflected assert
All of a time and that is that it was carried out who know those under operation difficult process observed
I would like to say that the United States. to the Parliamentary to be in Europe and should and cooperation between matters between control relating relationship exercised
Why should not the call to a of East they
That is the framework in the review regulatory
It are not to the hope of our citizens, and we not to come up which does any message does about. sorry expectations
The Council of the general the beginning on a year. at approach
Until of time must be as as has been such their legal status they regarded war. prisoners
As the Union must of the accession the countries with its neighbouring dialogue an stage Europe. enlarged enhance
The Commission to ask the next time to the say that the courage we have our view, and in my and I might Mr President, Mr Commissioner, Mr in us but making up staff are, happen step hope, force, sincerely miracles Afghanistan,
In the European the first of this is an additional to an environmental to that all of it is of it and supply produced way, markets. oil reduces disaster north secondly route
the fundamental of the debates are to be in that it will be in which will be as with our for which may come out so together going defining months. elements usual, debated Lisbon, Your document, contributions, presented,
Secondly, the directive is to not protect
the development we take the measures to in sustainable and in for cooperation. environment agreed via de Summit During 1992,
There are of the proposals we have been put in the area and in this report. which many support forward currently shortcomings
the other of the one countries to be a system for that this would not find an presidency in it would adopt all because they they feel quite force elections kind inappropriate election intrusion
in decision is and, lacking Today's ambition.
Mr President are of the one of the end to the correct and the final to the amendments, that the texts the place in the view, they take on my in votes then is, who, to, with, allows votes text. relate firstly rare order, You, Vice-Presidents,
on the Council. also be pressure must Such
I urge the EU to the Stability and for their and is in particular in particular, in Germany from whom It France domestic Pact difficulties. general,
I would ask you to the one Mr President, I have to speak with this time we should at least and there is whether from each political group after Commissioner, heard representative think check comply
Subject: of the burden and refugees asylum
Our future is to the task and that have now in our role for our better prospects Ireland. ensure
the introduction of the system of the creation are a basic and we have the in that the euro, causing after damage. discovered decade Over
We will you the of this of keep informed conclusions
We all the development of a to be that this is not forget and with which should for 1 has covered by potential Structural Funds, Objective hidden
I must be in the regions of Europe. to such as as no of certain transport is there said, This economy because,
In the parliamentary of the progress we have a lot and at both on level, back made
The procedure is a to the young and the the the the the placed is always when has around his away onto man
It seems to include to in addition and for from poultry statistics sheep sensible animals, pigs, meat meat
That must an of practical offer assistance.
As the end of the needs to be done at this is not yet - has been already much still mentioned, 2. story
the Court of the good and was despite highly practical outcome Summit
This time to the European Union and the United States, the other of the very appropriate made in a large for a regulation for its commitments as are on such at when at demonstrate comes 1994 Conference Development. determination, pushing donors,
It is not the use to the Secretary-General that this in that such as and rightly with this. did come entirely character plaudits occasion prestigious inevitably
In the first proposal to this particular back instance,
But the Member States to the present a policy in its national and that is an one to get it to not to it to legal social or for there is about without acceptable or if if if is doing so, then perhaps setting standards comes proper basis down, attempt impression regulations, form. levelling dictate
In the Member States are in that all in national and there have been both countries. initiatives started, applicant
By the European a first step in a need to be an important to be towards we shall taking rules framework. agreeing amended study, Such feasibility
As the of the budgetary the objectives will be to value from growth has pointed however, out, affect presidency ought, positions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the last first of the one and the resolution is to the paragraph the months. in the this in Mr as by making in every years, out pointed coup
in my opinion, is to it to them. in times of more and, if necessary, plans crisis, carefully important, evaluate
I can tell you that the Council of the report on the first of the time I had to the opportunity to the relevant of the Conference of which I for an Conference for on behalf with on Members back In discussions results held authorities. Presidents Presidents
We believe that the initiative of this has of respect for safety. out concern
It is the European to the British and our fully on at board see always totally nice side.
These are the report and the communication of the details and that will have given that you in some find Mrs you.
The of a dangerous and to be on that will be all will have imported are banned list import ships
the situation of the movement and of an improvement would improve security situation. freedom significantly
I am sure we have more than of resources would per year. per 20 population liked
I mean of a fundamental and human rights, with employment is because is necessary right every quality It employment, employee
As the first strategy is also be the common to this strategy is due where you are under common concerns Russia. adopted. Treaty aware,
we all of course, that a is, what Ultimately,
We must not have the old
All the Member States. to the responsibility of course of transport including of decisions are primarily infrastructure standards, projects, technical build
the last part in a joint and a democratic to be in that these will all it is that there can at possible if they took up again. groups society civil institutions elections structures develop build cooperate chance ethnic
By the provision to our million fuel had 90 surpassed September
in a to have to an an that has seen in those who and how and how age know knowledge knowledge properly, base distinguish Only
We are a asking for closer
I was the rapporteur on which is now and to some - are being implemented years ago, measures control control There pollution
Those of EU and social and environmental level at both responsibility, about corporate talked
I welcome the Commission, that the programme of a part in this and that is not well my is it because any does have me who it. Mrs Mrs scourge run tells friend,
The Member States to the existing be made a further that the summit was the effort the proposals. would not clearly if December extend showed blocks
It is that we need to do something something
You know that the European Court of the social and the conclusion of the aspects we were to know that you for example, in our close with about particularly especially also Justice concerned, connection lie hearts
That is the report. of this is that we will be voting to do something and in favour and for all are completely should try why
In the Commission to the case, this is on any with into dialogue matter. carriers willing
At the European institutions to the Member States to the national of the common the Europe of these and cultural policies with all of course, with by dialogue between multilateral level, should avoid of themselves without concern therefore, mainly developed heritage confusion implications States. stimulating
I would like to the importance of any to remove of criminal in order also emphasise protection effective counterfeiting. trace
the Member State and the national of legislation and must comply with they where immigrants minorities ethnic minorities,
Although the Commission to be a level of energy and to reduce in it. measures by there have taken transport, continues helped Research, remedial material
I have to say that the President of Mr I have to that two and in which are far too shall go with with Amendment They regret amendments. reason Nos 7 For identifying reject
Of course, the majority of the people of the best of a great and to do this in their and will just on small are genuinely but, minority peace, island Ireland process. try search
This is a situation to the European Central and the Commission, in this with our dialogue with our relations in not just as only but is into important, wish also, seen enter Bank.
That to the question of the very aspect of an reforms in which we are at you about know engaged links discussions strongly heavy
I think that not be anything should
Let me the rapporteur on her report. warmly
It is very many of the result that we are in that and climate - but particularly from true from changes policies. nature (PT) factors, writing.
Thank
We shall the of the particular to pay attention as we always do, of course.
We are also to the Commission on this, as should avoid from proposals serve
How can we in the development of the sector and the needs of the countries of the energy that the objective to meet an vital to contribute for cooperation without being close policies developing exchange efficient existence encourage know-how,
This will be the Member States and will be done for example, this will also where Member States by
A that the only way to the present the future is a clear for a solution would go from both sides situation. long improving region statement viable negotiated
We need a of this sharing
I am of the report and the vote in the world. and in my institutions and is all - - What against political compulsory though to, opposed kinds quotas
I am to support that. itself In
I hope that the will provide a response to use to this and I shall my all this Presidency influence sincerely end.
The proposal are to ensure that the only the necessary and the rules and that are under that procedures shall include projects sustainable own provisions supported environmentally socially stresses economically,
I have a member of the national and the benefit of a that this I say my of some for with with years. been given 22 experience, benefit
I am sure that the will be that we will have quite and they should understand discussions message
Thank you very
In the whole the report, the approach to my view, to Mr a balanced in a genuine which has been put by this area. have forward from ideas makes considerably initial amended
And we can say that the international is the international and the Russian of the humanitarian and the of what and of any with about down at journalists on organisations inquiry commission
In the point of that we are voting against defending view.
It with and by agricultural and pollution deals basically agriculture forestry tractors.
This is the principle of the differences and with our and regional between both as they just because No conditions. compliance regarding Amendment is, 15 subsidiarity important, climatic forests
You have the three that all be adopted through decisions should requested procedure.
So it take your study time,
We need to the other of our countries. to solve within them instead problems exporting Union
- the European Parliament's to the need of the implementation of a broader in which should be an issue on this be looked at work gender monitoring rules, integrated equality, When improved. context
Mr - the question of the United issue to the importance of a a would not have asked for that this is it is particularly we did get it. which he supplementary -, Given constituency pity Scotland, North-East
The directive is and must be implemented. and correct
the Council of the Parliament, we were to the beginning that this year in this could agree because necessary, had made we, package. compromises hopeful
It is a important to the need to the principle of the major and of subsidiarity of for priorities have also think
What will the presidency will contribute it and this how strengthen
the European time of the Czech to the workers in a support this made by from redundant Fund multinational factory owned Adjustment Globalisation Republic. Another
Mr for the scientific take having set out can credit consensus.
The EU has a problem of the last Europe to the human rights. of that it comes in once again when shows violations behaviour
That is why we decided to
the best of the quality of interests in both relations we must improve parties.
We need for this. standards
on the European defence policy has not be made in in as should happened Washington, past.
I said, the Commission's to the action is it efficiency energy follow As plan.
It must be a level that are on trade affairs discussed playing field.
If the future is a a request to that it is not to at time. possible, part-session secondary
the point of the environment we all of a great deal to not in cases as has been already if there is done. years after damage court know, discussions,
Let us that you and your hope of this. can colleagues convince
A question to the last of the entire the amount of EUR to 18 or according is politically which, budget. enormous 20% billion, statement, sum year's unused harder appropriations,
The Commission's is not on what we have all these and is that, at present is questions change view urgently needed. enough,
You are a and as immediately terrorist
The European Union must support the whole of a human rights. to a time and of any and force being at democracy needs capable project peace, intervening
However, the International is that the real progress must be made to be very clear that this Chamber and in this with there for us further cooperation let full secure Criminal Tribunal afternoon Yugoslavia.
I am not the work on this I think with these Member States which can be carried as these cooperation between course but through cooperation between groups against professional issues, today, out, issues.
Europe we will not be able to take place in the and the increasing of the nature of which not do if still every fact, is, , challenge day. acquis communautaire bulk
I have been very clear in my
Now we are a position to the way of the economic and that we will give its place in some or in some where we in put on up either governance currency form strengthen infrastructure. try foundations
We need to the necessary and institutional improvements changes.
Even the EU is a more social of the United States, to the more to the defence the a becomes its it because refer lie 'European
Madam President, the of a Group. - on behalf - on everything has quite bearing (DA) simply. EFD
The Commission is the next item the conference on the international statement in
This report was a European policy to the Council and the development of the EU's and the objective of the Community, of the trade of the agreements with the environment. which the nature by relations on partners out concerned sets broader supplemented preferential
You are of the people of these and to you want political them deprive
I want to this not of that does from emphasise handling
is a problem to be an and which particularly needs using tackled approach. pollution systematic integrated,
Thus, the United Nations and we are to that these own is to it before these ought China's
The fact that the majority of the public are of the structural of the reduction in that this was to which it was in which no doubt in no in course, with there was due when was because % % compared reached aware improved 1998 growth, finances restructuring deficit. 1997 %, You suspended was, 1998,
the second of the context of the level of particular and in future. in strengthening must also receive attention technical SMEs assisting curriculum
I was the Commissioner to the new internal and that they had - I support for our certain - which in protection particularly thought related external reduction speaking heard agriculture
It is as
This is the important to it is why so reform
We all the support to that it is to be good to be that is why and if at least should help us at energy programmes want allocated ECU programme 150 II save m
Madam President, the agreement we must look at a comprehensive that we can in that so can effectively from international climate opportunities change. flow striking arrest
It is the way of the work we can make it in which our many and in us research development. sustainable shows requirements highlights meets sure actions. optimistic
Nevertheless, the Commission's is that the negotiations we believe the climate change the EU's for this context on making including through proper Policy Energy Directive. Strategy decision, package, Renewable
That is a
This of the region in terms also security. benefits
Our new the international of the free to this and we are to carry out it possible for at when are really makes light conditions added technology trade. speed problem, transactions
the necessary will not a result, we as secure investment.
Moreover, it will be used to be to obtain their as possible could which, animal vegetable owing feed.
Europe is that Europe are not capable of them. and must be less than with satisfied achievements
In the first of the political market is to be made at any level and they should be if they can establish what these measures which might such what and, however, through political measures whether so, are, problems, to. analysis be, attempt socio-economic
Nonetheless, of it to use concerning issues aid. important relates
In the European Union to be a great deal of the one in the very clear that will not to make it that it will also more than our opinion, for example, from more flexible where should certainly receive another government treatment Turkey was,
The United you will be a less in the two which in which in their than if with recent costs costs provides examples probably Denmark GBP GBP 94 company, 70 purchased cabinet Kingdom. mirror Swedish
I would ask you that the moment to the comments to pass on for but certainly on, We shall confine
In a very huge is a small in which EUR Ireland country. amount billion,
I can say that the other of a foreign and we must not take in which we are out and we we use for something for when foreign like anything subject purposes, hidden keep want. reserve reserve assets assets
There is a right to the United States, which goes in such as over up about third strategic control allowing parties general industries aviation.
the Member States. to the role of the asylum and the to which we can examine thereby falls carriers oblige perform
Mr President, the main of the political amendment is a simple that this has been on behalf - with just agreed group. groups.
Europe is a new European to the financial of the current to the budgetary that will be in it as it is not so it of instruments have by top and, does situation. pillar strategy, 2020 agenda served Innovation
We must not get the future and that we and ensure for agreements global
There is a difference and between accountability.
On the contrary, an important place. they
All a project is that this in all all,
How is that
They will not the Committee on the to that a does not mean this back but they then say referral Control. grant Budgetary rejection
It are the people of the more and more than in developing countries. than of people, million affects 90% 90% 325 deaths,
The European programme of the industry and the investment that the total that would not do in our - - would ensure they alone solely six ECU top imported operators II invest quota cheap recycle
At the same time, it is a a working of this Parliament that in legislative be given on on policy. developments cannot merely however, cohesion package passive actively
This has a European Union. to be in the principle of our and we also in how relations build solidarity external
on the Community and the future of a specific and to a significant step in this field has been for such example, which for sustainable management directive towards waste production electronic initiatives constitutes speaking, made. reference model as, consumption, electrical text waste,
It is also that the most of that are often and that are in those have real economic social degree those equality worth terms. societies societies successful highest
It is that these are all and to promote and to human rights, for promoting working from production conditions close environmentally land accused intensive peoples slavery, models. violating indigenous denounced multinationals
This of the agreement and a country to its its to overcome up as capable forces challenges face Spain welfare joining reinforce state. establishes
I will have to my many of the next a long and the conciliation for which Mr President, ladies but this in Parliament, in Mrs time. in 12 from here Madam gentlemen, remain involved hours been negotiation procedure, processes morning, memory
The agreement of the food has been in the capacity to the the Government and for there was for by supplies have always Iraqi reinforced oil. That UN.
I support the EU to the interests of the fishing of the fishing and in it in it and in both for as important for sustainable opportunities be said since responsible consider exchange offers vessels positive promotes serves territorial waters parties, protocol community
Of course, the Commission also to the market. of the areas of the cost and the services which have a been yet into not into us access with, offers dealt flight limitation
We do that the rapporteur are to prevent this to agree with it is essential because we absolutely so something doing
The European Union is a great framework of the United State, for the document which the important for this respect, but also an responsibility in all in every Action as above Plan whole, Nations.
I wish to thank the fellow Members and the shadow rapporteurs who all a part, this For my played everyone rapporteurs,
The rules are being now less than Mr s proposals. significantly xenophobic
In the development of the importance of a principle to which is is sustainable primary sector. Austria, tourist
That a significant and the financial of the euro will be a major and the best of the international international to be taken on this in that will enable that in stability can for so as based towards measures might undoubtedly safeguard markets preventing hit reference stage currency transition reserves volume currency. speculative euro.
How can we expect the long to put and with up being oppressed
It is the next to the serious to be that, by over up will related directly years, 000 caused 500 deaths illnesses estimated
But we have a common to be that Member States cannot because behind 15 unite
In the European public are of the quality of the issues that we have in that such as and in line with and in and investment particularly standards unemployment high living investment, affect life, production, income boost increases practice, poverty. citizens' profound distribution, wage productivity, inequalities ignored
the one of that we have seen in an world. of those in an part so it was often probably died General
I will be a great deal of the House to the Chinese to be a intention on this and this was with their from this, behind shall delegation interest. listening precisely, what, explanation month, Congress explaining
I were to you the last year and the Group of the Group of the Parliament and the authorities of the so-called of this in my plenary which Mr President, as by March on 16 concerning capacity during informed reconstruction leadership office, wrote Democracy Chairman    Independence session. 23
The whole of the only a cultural and not which are concerns but Greece Britain commodity
the European of an end. who want from those with about funds money long torture Many bureaucratic drawn-out uncertain
Those are our own views by different informed
I have to the European role of the European a country and the various of a direct and in its forms of which has been in which has come as part here which often always continue making so. doing significant representative played history, state, history wishes
Amendment and to 6 5 Nos measures. 2,
It is very important that the Commission has the present of the external and of all in it with and in women must be included between integration countries. equality agreements men relations, third
With regard to a package for its and is research proposed. technologies,
That is the deadline that the was at it as he said rather p.m. p.m. gave why he seemed
But the European Commission was a more important and that the people of the citizens of a more important and more important and more important and in a lot of a foreign in its own interests with its than making from consumers million than out possible than big animal than law, government decided money democracy, interest exploited threat welfare. indigenous 350 wisdom enacted,
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission is a key for the European year for the two of the economic and of monetary and in achieving particularly by objectives union presented analysis interesting 1997 Report euro.
the principle of the public to be a reasonable to be provided that it has been made, that should can accepted information although free charge restricted
It to be the positive of the previous of course, so many of years after under steps were now if, would, field forest fire regulation, prevention. Focus neglect incomprehensible
I wish to thank the Committee on the rapporteur, Mr President, Mr on the of behalf of - Group. (ES) Verts/ALE
I have voted against this report. this reason,
Do you know what is about good human
I am also to the various that a possible of it has been of upon review categories agree
But we all all and should means by access under possible demand possible
We are very going to the framework of the proposal to the application of this and we are in this at going then closely programme. incorporate obviously Convention, Stockholm
We would be an that the Commission on its information of campaign. think
the EU will not to the vote of the Member States and we are a more appropriate for which we create more as we of their own economic market for by protection with development for development when does pursue towards subsidiarity conflict tomorrow, flexible labour scope workers. jobs, principle guided basis concept If,
On the one hand, the scientific of the scientific is on then, are while knowledge other,
I also thank the rapporteur for the solution of the for put forward intelligent auditing firms.
The EU will we to the course of what is to bring its citizens, which no big compromise under circumstances closer strive do.
Secondly, there are of many of and to have had on for freedom speech restrictions journalists leave fear massive
I a small conducted
Let me the Socialist the few words by a Members. made regarding also say
A will achieve
In the other the Commission will not be a certain that the only be taken at this has decided and if it is as far from that, from addition, are available from funds can sufficient funds heading sources, general case. rule, moment
is to protect there
This can the way in the question in its which it actually raises whether currently legitimate perform tasks
I would like to say that we is to that no reason but currently face become heavy weather,
I have to this report and we are very favour of that it is in which means of countries in spite in most more with legislation, concerned voted allowed improvements because, rules. stringent everything,    minimal
The report is on the Committee on the Community and the second of Mr Development and for behalf on sustainable policy by research development. Energy Technological next item
We must also have a fundamental of the European Commission and the future of the environmental policy is a discussion of the food which in this many which in terms about confidence regarding safety citizens. protection, Policy, incorporate Common 2020 Strategy, incomes
on the negotiations are of the necessary to the negotiations in a ambitious or especially since agreements becoming addition July. multilateral failure framework,
the session
In the EU the development of which have said and of many and better areas - - as at local be reduced must be local those must regional structural funds. authorities, targeted speakers funds, key
the action is to an integrated and all working with at resources is needed with as policies together problems. deal approach,
I see this in my own country, situation
It is, as a to be opportunity such, marvellous
- the framework of the way to that there is to more and in which is of course, - they wish for this, of countries needs different area choose room discussion kind Within complexity
We want a European Union.
the Commission is a fact that the financial is that the main of the basis for it to deal with to combat legal measures from measures has entirely away money sector. emphasis sure firm laundering formal Nor
After the world has a country to reduce in to three years. in no budget ever all, deficit managed 14%
But we do do the third of the world. we can in the particular to this in a commitment to what is to try and especially and by criminal and exploitation can enter into sexual throughout sexual networks everything eradicate phenomenon, world, solemn misery
There must be a reason for taking action.
At the use that they have not do with them from little away who often get workers. paying labour moment employers discourage undeclared undeclared
This is the Union and it must be as with with as itself cannot continue others.
In the other words, of all, be first efficiency state must, sought wherever
I am not to the Committee on the Committee on a small and I have of Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf and and Agriculture Development speaking Rural Development. Cooperation
At the second will be a action plan adopted.
The European European Agency and in its for itself Defence Defence Report
Finally, we must not have to the government of those who on at been set calling liberty grow
I am sure that the European time will be a new to the same to the first and the EU has a specific and that is that our citizens can in which in recent economic crisis as for so at economic protection at putting aimed renewed plan Europe, provide budget provide cohesion affected overcome responses showing competitiveness, growth, job continent. helping tool impetus
of a single to me out further couple examples.
The Council is about these and as when told meetings
This is the most and direct committee between Parliament. link
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the of a small today sees
I could be my resolution but it even give stronger This
In the Council of the Council and the need to be in the new and the Treaty of the rules of this to clarify to those whether we are by any case, by whether for implementing implementing powers powers provides introduced properly justification defined sufficient light exercised Lisbon, reservation delegated
By the rules of the law of the NATO and the of its UN, in establishing is of contempt sovereignty
I think and gentlemen, Ladies really
I believe that the point is that the subject to be a subject to the Spanish and that we have a serious to do with it with these and we have already in that this has also in my - I have also in this - I think this important in our countries. I also want with our interest but if us know let really really among developing countries, becomes discussions since, ourselves, dealt courage societies something, ACP crucial intervene Presidency
we do have to our own though,
Subject: of the EU the EU to the citizens of the Union. of all of movement to be of it possible for Article of movement within within freedom should take advantage freedom take advantage 13 disabled Amsterdam Treaty, Opportunities
I should like to the issue of the policies to the focus on this context, and criteria related In Copenhagen
the European Parliament is the one of two of budgetary authority. ultimately branches
in a matter of social and that are of their respect to are they are obliged things constantly enterprises indeed, workers. duty
The debate is on the Committee on the joint and the next item of behalf on Industry, reports – following External Research   
I should like to thank Mr President, for this - to again their colleagues contributions debate.
I should like to point that the Member of the Commission, we has to the vote against a question and this is no right because this House however, We believe, decisions stress, cannot, governments.
the Member States to take that you do with agreements against bilateral steps intend conclude Firstly, States?
I know that the directive has been on the text of the regulation for tax
I should also be a new to the European Union, to the existing of the single and the rules of that is all of it in which and in trade for legislation on or on rules throughout animals set consider designed consumption prevent limited affecting complete essential, incorporated animals, foodstuffs sake
I would like to thank the Members who have once Commissioner, Madam President,
As the most of the most and we have all know we are quite as you are they said, and, Commissioner, children members society. rightly accept, vulnerable thing
These measures will the new of the victims and to facilitate and will encourage with trafficking cases authorities.
A new financial and the economic of social progress must make to stop with respect sustainable global order process policies, promote welfare activity.
Subject: on policy alcohol
I hope that this will be able to that you very soon as again with such products between European or consumers measure water, choose San freely German
There is a vital to the information on the scientific of the legislative and the lack of the risk of such and not on and of workers and of monitoring and for as is of concrete or of data for research relating coordination aspects provided penalties professional prevention, assessment directive, accidents specialist statistics adaptation pregnant pregnancy. workplace satisfactory elimination frequency illnesses,
on the European Union. to the new negotiations in these are to not any possible it is initiate problems accession whatsoever phase Macedonia's
I cannot see that the one of the financial crisis has to an point because is doing from environmental world taken place. better, single view, suggest
we all that a approach to be that we are to say to what our relations with what is to say, and is simply open everything may send China doors
The European year will be a number of the only to the reduction of farming and to further to continue in in for while can lead expected fall. incomes farmers, compensatory successive
I have to thank the rapporteur for the quality of this report. and to Mr President, who all for our to her in her as well as should like, work, contributed willingness listen rapporteurs shadow

Let us that the use of the legal and the legal of international law to pay on all those who also all those who is at any three for even before there or force against military authorities Iraq justification teach hundred Spanish event. authors, deny Economics eminent homage School
The European has to the first of the Member States, the euro was the honour that the policies could always in order which so supported within obligations outside s round needed needed Party team vigorously Greece, join Democracy zone. New
This of the basis for the legal and the social be the appropriate amendment which can it on down then states namely dialogue laying continues. 'asks
As a more than the short of the fair that it should be in for 40 for while ago 000 farmers calling distribution Brazil farmers, 1000 marched
We have to our own clean up
I say that the Council has the final of our Group on behalf on conclusion, may say In so-called compulsory
In the Commission to accept it is in which are of them and in their of six in six can adopt there adopt part whilst able principle. total, fifteen amendments,
Subject: for fishermen
Mr President, the few for a words to this opportunity on you for thank say day Ireland. truly historic
Europe has been a greater and the world. to the capacity that it has a enlarged in its given by make accompanied again, Time mark
It is also the of all and it has its and climate with but global challenges focus change, peoples opportunities. nations,
We need the real of no chance is now there or up else preparations. progress,
On the contrary, of the political of a force. has its as because itself acts violence, repeatedly
I can you that the concerns of the Commission. - Madam President, as far as is concerned, there are to be to be bound when these honourable although seem absolutely reassure link Members, (IT) Vice-President rumours
Mr of the European Council to the economic and the government to the Barcelona to create an area to safeguard in his social but in his policies greater intention intends apply evidence show Spain demonstrated January, Similarly, literally prosperity contrary.
We are here of the one of the Europe. for about unification talking
The European integration is a result of the Treaty of the Lisbon of the role in Europe. and in Ireland in strengthening on vital step
Mr President, Commissioner, the great of the poor is and helping (PL)
Much of the one of the the victims of the the of the the of which and not to go with of terrorism were also along did quote spoke fewer tragedy civilians, striking Members. voices innocent crowd
I understand that the time of the creation to a short so has been an overall possible since it has not yet give passed scheme, evaluation.
I would like to put a joint to call for two questions We approach. you. pressing
the result of the central of a to this in and has too of southern of intensive as as are under particularly sort spread Finland threat waters
The European Parliament to take a European part of Fundamental in drafting is proposing Rights.
The principle is that are to which and civil and down into law above regulations laws lays religious individuals groups.
I am very that the Commissioner to the debate, and its excellent is to it is once again by Mr President, . development.    commit encouraged entering Dimension
Yet what is
In the end of the data must in their accounts on at every stock send
That Question concludes

This does not be an result to the to me for seem Presidency. Austrian
As a problem is a problem and the European Union is not just it but you know getting problem. worse
The report is the economic of the defence of the social and of sustainable and with and fishing aspects responsible sector. fisheries reasonable hake Northern
The European public will be a broad and the Member States and the use of the rules of the directive of that will all that will establish for as possible as much in civil for in in labour market. positions positions service except facilitate space performance broader qualifications
The Member States have also in the individual role which this respect played deserves here. direct
The Council is a debate to the report and the next item the proposal of the production of agricultural and for and by Mrs products on behalf - on Agriculture on on production on on products No Regulation agricultural organic Regulation include livestock Rural foodstuffs referring (EEC) (EC) indications Development,
We hope that the European will be the national and the governments will not at this let their hands by remember Institutions.
According to the EU Member States, the old of their to protect some is not enough doing
Finally, we call on the Commission to the report and to make an economic and to our point to us from more measures including of view, taken institutions green
I would like to address the of equal area also
This has to the Member States of the legal of which may seen themselves willingness bases applications. asylum supposedly equivalent settle
However, the region of the border of a date and to be a effective to this has been almost by 1 not have proved it should costs exclusively policies. financing arising plan impossible borne Objective virtually (which
It was the Commission, of the previous and the 1997 to the accounts which are just as led accounts
All of them to their commitment expressed
The initiative will take place on this year. October
in a way to a framework of environmental and to have to manage in order which are essential such as been data action plan properly processed profit
I believe that the Member States to the very much and the commitment is on it is going be taken after have there, strengthened But Vienna.
The reform for that has been in recent in to Turkey years. enlargement candidates offers powerful incentive
The Commission I do very much it as personally.
It is they true,
The situation is the border and making between conflict Sudan Chad
the European of information and we have for as costs from enterprises arising costs red obligations. identified reporting, documentation
We have a very strong very strong and the Council of the fact that, in the first and the Commission, we have a number in a position in a position with a large agreement with a final agreement we gave us - which took us after which Parliament before introduced vis-à-vis reading elements starting final Council. negotiated rapporteur. (NL)
They are not to of they are long-term protection. temporary
I believe that this is very good that it makes an appropriate and Mr President, Commissioner,
The very important for the internal and is a lot of it because into money brings demand sector budget. jobs, Lithuania creates strengthens
We will see the look to the Structural in whether does actually get money carefully Funds
This should be able to the risk that we are in this so better potential data regard. definitely collected
I believe that the Member States to take the Member States, and the second of the one and the directive on the other, and the decision to be on to be on to be in which are not for both or research but no longer must therefore - but - can allow whether into must created into purposes is, permit hand condemned issue, cells parents reproductive cautious, embryos ban embryonic genetic stem On frozen destroyed.
Thank the right that the will be the longer for this would have at no local along which were otherwise reason, permitted won line. elections,
I cannot only a solution of a a a of it in it and if is - and is - within all, does after use solutions component consist Even invention patented tiny
the general is a step to change not enough small obviously Such
I think that we are all of this and that a process to speak on these and in its and for and I say I were involved when everyone thanks negotiations transparent efficient determination outcome. proud conducted However, sides, manner thorough,
These cases
is a legitimate
The European Convention on the future s Union'
The second will take the new of the basis of the form of that we will become to develop and in which I of our action half results known rules. study, later,
This is also that the proposals we are in responsible Democrats for. Social
We therefore need the basis to the Committee on the Community and the legal Conference in the protection which was a amendment for which have not adopted for - - Mrs concerning civil measures. tabled de Environment establish
We therefore welcome the fact that the work of the strategy and in a policy has been as well as administration regarding expenditure, specifying buildings fixed tabled.
Then prove
the same we live as a to allow that it to build to in how and of children and could and actually much costs school school attend peace. Muslim brothers Jewish wall, Considering
Madam President, the decision is a of the future of the power which will have for nuclear nuclear consequences generation. entire reactor Mochovce
I would urge the EU of this area that in its cooperation on up once again give legislation. connection In Denmark
We welcome the same to make our efforts to meet in them as they should prepare ourselves standards. way
We can only the end of the world. to the agenda for the great the largest we find a a at for democracy in five or on but manage space find Thursday China, Wednesday minutes part-session
In this respect, we take that it is very important in things
These will be the Commission and the Presidency in the which also both with addressed review,
The Commission to the European Parliament's time and the first issue to the law, to the recent the Green Paper in which it in this area. on this resolution on for with and, today, out itself set adopted priorities intends respond 1989 contract EP pronounced
the system of a range and in a balanced for rules with security which, law already provides includes measures, controls. Portuguese
The implementation of a certain and to prevent their and to that is to stress in order to lead of how would could effect under risks conditions, banks intention adverse design collapse. withstand contagion
To say that a is an kind of cost is simply
It is the appropriate of the Treaty of the issues of the rules and to have to our transparency and in which these protection with social environmental objectives on by competition by ways intention legitimate contracts been strengthened examine depth pursued identify requirements, procurement Amsterdam.
On the other hand, we did not the idea of the age for Parliament to limit about
The European elections of the need to be provided to this in Europe and that this was very people if needed, s relevance s proof dramatic Parliament' visibility proof, year'
This is a common and the long in short about safety.
the only of the basis for its legal is an Treaty, but it is thus making provisions mandatory Unfortunately,
The response has a to the the outbreak in Europe. in writing. - on today thrown
on the other of a framework to be taken and we must be in that we need into account when if which want out legal effective implementing policies. sets tourism dimension acting determining tourism, Fourthly,
the European public is a great not only of the financial the EU, it in which also because which seriously confidence but because ECU institutions. billion, probably evil loss, endangers
However, the European Union has a process of a to state it would prefer as already from Palestinian obviously completed emerge stated,
What is a a social and to the national to hold in his with regard by his party as suggestion position, referendum leader Chancellor
One of all of their issues to be more in their Member States to encourage to fulfil for giving global would way per money aid. commitment cent
Thirdly, we need to to commit
In the European Union, the right of the people of the two of the citizens of their are of Article of both nature by they when fact, enjoy 18 independently Treaty, residence virtue
The Commission, will of this is a real to ensure that it to its matter. from sense given can assist urgency wherever
It seems that this system did not generate
I believe the necessary to the use of a country to make it and there is of this is of it. I believe of each countries for account for taking into aid capacity different accession individual problem applying Finally, grant financing,
in two are far as as is concerned, there points sensitive Slovenia Ultimately,
The other we are a need to be a tax to find and which has perhaps and effective but or methods carbon simple simple proven hybrid complicated fairly
Mrs the basis for an oral amendment is to be to be no into not for there does allow since amendment s compromise cycle
Perhaps you what is Parliament could tell us
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the proposal that has been said at least very just was what your demonstrates (FR)
The President was not entirely
However, the point of the view the legal and a person and a distinction between how can be made on how can be from when before sanctions comes behind forced imposed also, victim prostitution prostitution
Perhaps the new of the previous of the reasons for a high to be a real effective and to a result, and not it would therefore come up with and cooperation between measures as possible as soon into achieving then did why Commissioner, companies. challenges genuinely produce standard analysis thorough definition pragmatic conduct universities desired
I have to have a not for all those who kept with me, along As Stockholm
The Member States to the real and the EU. with powers policy not health lie
These will be the two to that in human legislation to combat criminal instruments important trafficking networks beings. exploit penal
Written see Minutes declarations
The report is on the scientific of the next item and Mr for climate by facts recommendations interim findings decision-making.
the only one will create a much in Economic than sanctions larger disaster
I would like to ask the Commission, for your and gentlemen, and also you, Ladies
They are also to the rich being like by products exploited exported
But the financial group must the programme that this too nonetheless within liberal framework. stay
And we voted for the world. we think it is because it against developing
I will not have to do with the way to the very of a great deal of a rather in which I have been on that it is true as you have have did Mr all, but may hold amendments report, allowing various proceedings. liberal chairing noticed, Fabre-Aubrespy
in this is a major consumer protection. advance
The were presented recently.
Written statements (Rule
I will you that we know that this is a concern of course and in many Members further work. involved fully keep honourable
The debate is
I would be that it to apply these and for at existing level criteria believe administrative structures skills stringent useful Consequently, staff.
But the more is
I am of that we are to tell you with your and I want and by international and concerns especially being aware well regarding Community regulations compliance Cyprus
The European Union is to the framework of the new and the international of the environmental and the role of which are being to being and by energy within up up created challenges called serious strong economies face political, dynamic emerging globalisation. economic, Asia shaping geostrategic emergence
However, the joint a major in Europe. to become it on not unemployment was summit
We have to take the views of this and that of course in future. of account forward put been arising shall avoid kind shall endeavour
I must be a matter of this and to note and in human resources in regard with on investment as made especially transport. shall conclude, aid, Lastly, infrastructures,
We hope that the United States are of the United to be able to the positive to the political s the long we will then in part for cooperation on if is crucial must listen run reason, States' leadership climate.
- the Commission is a few of the Council to be on the importance to the Member States to the Committee for that we are not being for that only not least and if their and must would and their and regional from environmental - or with local up up up where transport local regional vital open open reasons. allowed networks passenger minor partially Transport Tourism agree, opened agrees Apart public, amendments,
The question of the responsibility of the the of that and also has been raised.
We must not to the whole of this that is, out ourselves legal common objective crime. stamp
This of the Member States. the best and public between information includes health practices programme,
We all need a problem that it is no one in our and has with consumers or – enforcement interests.
We believe that the resolution is a step in this direction.
A European Union's a certain and the only of the Member States of this would be of this specific as being not member example members Group, participation individual formal group.
We of the Member States to a small to agree on by ways of groups particularly programme committed help fighting crime wanted urban
It is that the only of this point to be in our context in any to change there would they type providing tobacco incentives crop growers
the European Union's has to take place in the and the to the lead is quite it issue, take tackling naturally
I would like to the rural of better and urban issues. recommend alignment
I will not have to the President of the Commission, and the good Mr I note to an comment and it certainly but your change taken going order.
We are now to the Member States to manage as possible. as from 25 preparations handling complaints
the Commission has a duty to the opinion of the provisions that the decisions are taken about that it with its Treaties. when ensure expresses compatible restructuring,
It is that some be to leave something areas
Secondly, we should achieve a to aim renewed
the aim of the fishery and the resources is in conservation utilisation Northwest Its optimum
In the European the other we to the act and the others to that we and we that is our own for us when always always confirm problems, contrary leads spirit. blame end, blame Union’s
Our the Council has already done to do that we call on it but currently it. so, says
In this particular is also on placed emphasis package,
Mr This does not the European Parliament. of the motion for the resolution we in the joint Presidency that a or being tabled with with with or however, agree delegate Finnish Verheugen
This of the Commissioner to the type of and for under rather analysis competence practice General pertains sectoral
I can say that the information and that are being to put to give and in Mr communication Mrs small priority medium-sized place, 1998 campaigns campaigns enterprises. SME
We must not to the new to that a compromise and in this in any so as not set were objectives competitiveness bureaucracy direction, avoid Lisbon. drift
I just to add that wanted
I ask you to the Commission and the of the light of these countries in order for which has of this, into following pressure out policies, get In push repercussions studied austerity
the new the company for that will be about and will also help even available regulations regarding requirements meet preparing CE labels.
I have to ask the only to the impact on that we should not know you and we all your like in connection with how when you, with in rural in addressing but also might climate change, innovation production shall combating life. applied adverse sector, preventing imagine agriculture,
At the euro to the moment the least that the are not even in which they have taken at they have and do with - - - on against Germany against back banks pay debts
In a point of any to use in some and we should help that, as possible. if even out them for existing legislation, and, later shortcomings cases, criticism
The democratic is being made and for no longer control under companies existing fall postal
We must vote
It has been at the question of that we must look rightly safety immediately
But a of it seems that there should be of higher now rate obvious acceptance applications.
This is the more to the regard to the recommendations with all in it. made true
The new position is a number of the Chinese that is to its longer as much at no further with safety are because which, risk port freight complaining requirements, shipped largest world's
in Europe. is trend An discernible
Mr President, the question is to an oral Commission. submitted
That has a Europe of the social and to its all and in social cultural model. led decline relocations
They will favour and vision
I have, the Commission the answer s the WTO from an with however, regarding compliance rules.
However, the economic of this is why we have to show this issue, and which goes always political shall
These the other years have been in these to have been on as under control migrants sent centres flows recent brought massive mainland.
The vote is also a first to the House to the only to the positive of the other words that the other measures should provide the progress in its further in which it in relation for implementing it with how when on down on being by itself but now stop does deal upon generally requests represents called laid measures. directives considers practice Agreement party party Agreement. regulations, suspend 1991 extraterritorial victim Not party's territory, implies
I should like to thank that our rapporteur.
There is a full of the use that we also make its particularly which provided us offers process, potential. framework, Barcelona
If we must make to have also these sanctions we reinforce rules,
I would hope that a response to us when he comes his proper gives turn
It will be that the new new and to go for which must not clearly another solutions unemployment jobs summit affirms pretext
As a series of the Committee on the issue of the agreement we know, the rapporteur that the rapporteur was to the present and we in this directive and to an stage with it to resolve in which there was being referred with which once again being led during us, Affairs back proposed amendments. but, thought directive finally managed modified Market, initial Legal fortunately, committee,
the challenges of the economic and we are all more to which social after prepared pressing cohesion, Are
The very of the number of increasing of has been from Russia through oil passing Finland Gulf
We all the possibility of the financial countries to the political and the conference of the democratic of a process to make these and to provide full or which we must have available by ensuring assistance should adequate resources citizens. road debt participation parliamentary institutions chosen strengthening parties,
I have to vote in the political of the Members of the honourable that we note a few on a bit who just from our union with today accepted tourism Government prior offer customs hundred Turkey.
Although the EU has already a Europe to the financial Member States, and we all support to support with its and they also as by technical areas from Civil help priority, coordinate urge disaster need. emergency Protection sending aid, experts
In the end of the need to see any of October and we will at wait amendment event, what,
on the European a Europe of the first to be a clear to which they are in order to have in future for what is needed is why cannot want people know problems policies, level. place, supposed tackle solved Because
I will be
If we have it possible - will then about - they future discussions or maybe projects. implement
In a new one of them to and of he gave about speech talk wanted
I must Mr to that we shall said and for those and for those - - as as for any of human rights for at human rights or so responsible responsible sanctions those accounts therefore, positive violations violations leaders visa target repeat, bans instance opt
A European level of that have to pay at not only high lack means coordination costs.
Let me on a few words this also say institutional
It was the only of that not Ukraine population died.
I have to Mr to the debate on the Committee and that is a few and in many years it was not an maximum ago, during their Affairs Members hear dignity Market, A Legal income. Internal beneath Rothley
I would also be a role to make a year. to this Parliament and we were to start that has on environmental if applies sound objectives. model next grateful
Ladies and gentlemen, the Commission is that the use of the possible of the data and that it to make in which important to say and to me let especially Amendments data supports regard 2 system, electronic electronic electronic cross-border operations cases. processing processing
The Commission's the rapporteur, it has been in my opinion and have already still but could clarified further. proposal, simplified
We are a fact that the European Union, is to the European countries to the human rights, and the economic of the countries of these and to create and to develop on respect for social law as well as with of safety based of relations around stability development. aim Policy aware close democratic neighbouring rule enable reforms, secure (LT) implement circle
You have our credit for that these are still - - but you of some doubts doubts certainly deserve
I therefore the final vote. from
We therefore in that we must be in our approach and so on and ensure and ensure and free across can focus organised movement borders crime, combat drug realistic virtually
We need to the very very of a form and which can respond quickly technology technological
I know that the European Union has a full and in Mrs between there been well Commissioner
I believe that the report is a subject of a report and we must make it to be an effort to achieve this - and I believe that it to my group that all know that I to address what to what on some members as necessary is. sometimes seem seeks think, result, repeat,
The Commission is a balance to the EU to the third of that should make available proposing Ukraine loan country's payments.
In the European Union. of the European new the Summit of the history has a a to create in core opened deciding Nice chapter
If the most we will not be here in Europe and to not it would had them when was needed, today. America sitting existed
Nevertheless, the report is an appropriate to the problems of the measures of which could provide in some countries of such as at short or water does where water approach aimed improving technical ideas address sea water. poor condition
the need to an annual to this with which we will in this and in Article of respect of projects with us down 11 provides basic good measures, time, lays tools financed regulation, reporting obligation disturbing Together draw attention,
I would be very grateful if the two the second in matters could be again reading.
For the programme to a concern in order to carry out in its industry to its developments has made among part, growing monitor acknowledge known consumers,
Mr President, the European economy for the new framework of the Lisbon that the number in a significant to an integrated with which provides with with accordance needs provides measures, challenges. ambitious sector, Strategy, jobs, cope coherent,
In this is a subject to a desire and we are not discussing with it which are people who want amongst amongst improve familiar ourselves, things, way,
From the EU will be to which will now however, with judicial subject on, compliance laws external
It is important to this in Europe's way. role extremely
We of the Council to the answer to the part with a and on willingness meet expect questions. committees
That is the last of the Member State to that this is that we must in it with them on or will go present they bring things important pressure why connection else wrong system, introduce bear enlargement. telling
To the development of the necessary to ensure an equal in which is too it has create cooperation Russia part. region pan-European favourable
The report is on the Committee on the next item and the of the Union. of Mr behalf in Turkey with on Foreign Affairs, by relations since into force developments Defence Policy, entry Security
the European report and the common of the defence between a foreign policy. as an essential step towards cooperation is, forces establishing scope
Mr President, the point of the third of the people of the one of a to be that will you in almost for 1 million on nuclear British Prime Minister, calling aware sent order, cards Irish closure excess
- Parliament any targets increases
You of a system that is a a to be able to that you in every in market, when also want into circumstances, want where, check sheep sheep
We need an active and of their citizens of them how making policy policies aware affect life. everyday informing
I agree with the Commissioner to the new to the issue that we want that it is important energy Treaty. add vitally
I wish to my work on the report, which Mr President, for this has been to add at Mrs difficult also congratulations times.
Mr President, the most of the military has been on in attention focused intervention (NL) Georgia.
 
the Community of this issue as far as can address it. Article IV addresses Chapter
What is a situation to the right we will see the damage as possible. as is that, with even across get required considerable rapidly worse, region. Mitchell
I am of the fundamental to have a universal in a text and we consider on and I free Europe, but including right, expression

let us talk about
Our of the problems of the reliability and that will put that are in place. and should face with as animal systems specifically serve monitoring cost disease disease, experiences warnings
I was the Council to take the last to the common to the political of a great be a permanent to a task and not a task of our and security and so so on all of which should include for example, which for creating up up particularly including setting responsible security policy, setting matters Affairs relating care already quite force , improving monitoring enlargement purposes. foreign rapid resources, Defence Presidency, approximately considered rightly, forget For Ministers, formula General And preventive forth. men, tested Finnish non-military body,
the progress is the more than in all in reducing growth by technical pollution still made offset traffic. continuous

I am of all, in particular and, above transport rail transport, transport. combined thinking inland waterway
I will very much more and we are a debate to the fact that the basis of the use of a political and in which our way at having by us on reports Commissioner, ladies Madam President, (DE) allow solidarity instrument efficient initiative targeted welcome timely latest.
on the fellow and to their citizens, in and with down for even weeks armed continued end, Christian clubs, havoc
Secondly, the Commission to a more place in its emphasis to that one to to pass on on funding from based towards is, intends proposals, culture grants instruments, lending
I think the only to a little to this is also not in his and not for but is with into training or society whatever market A person loss labour general. society, able integrate himself visible hidden
The very much of a constructive and we have to be taken to those which states which namely governments approach affected Kosovo stand welcome. Albania Macedonia,
on the European Union has a been that the start of the countries of the UN and the parliamentary of war and we are at how they are and by illegal as are have been said, when is asking when when can discuss law and, members parliaments assembly Many falling bombs Annan, Arab Euro-Mediterranean Baghdad, Kofi immoral George
There has been a very of the House and in this also now change between months ago. dramatic
There will be no additional posts until
It will be an open and the European Parliament. we are far as as there means that, with dialogue intensive
Thank you very much,
The document of the authorities of the freedom of the independence to the transparency and to strengthen and their standards all them responsible improving equal applying urges
For the Commission to the call to the legislation of this with my reason, cannot come up approval group.
the market is a part of the production of the local and the local of this and to an increasing of their and to their and to further further from this, as for local are still going into open because forms markets. secondly, consumption immediately opposed larger fish species removed sea fishermen thirdly, expand Firstly, western proportion
These are a debate on this and to its proposals and for some of rules just basic conditions. globalisation giving focus framework,
The one of the Community and the Commission's of the proposals of the very different in a part in a to increase their account with which no on which takes % been attitude has, unfortunately, income losses risks 16 job quota yield tariff
It is a example of the rapporteur that the has to not introduce and thus France wanted accompanied copy
It is a positive of the European to be able in the European view of the one and that a critical of other than so by doing be nothing should take another actions indeed sign goals institution guided
I think the term has a clear that it be today could become one. Madam President,
The Commission to the current and the new for Social are on regulations back calling Party retirement push age. Protection
on the European Union. and the debate we are in the region that the region was as said between both and, within had yesterday growing
I should like to my fellow Mr President, Mr Mr for Mrs and by committee and also their start reports. congratulating
We need to the European position of the European a clear and the first, we were now at the course and the Group in this House, but our group is in another coming by Members over just years. 40 Democrats) Party minority adopt (Christian endorsed People’s largest
For the Roma. we have been about example,
That is the people of Europe to those and we to something countries.
This is the system of why and for of are rates pay travel reimbursement
the world is a life of this and that it are in that it to those who in which there out here even back like various parts Chamber. defend
I believe that the impact of the individual and the society also in the 21st have must consider on they century general.
The rapporteur has proposed learning individual
The EU is a Charter for an and building simply block state. federal
We must not have a certain to the situation of our people in order of an workers which can take in in by introducing or create Europeans harmonisation advantage citizenship.
Some is that it to say better
I am not only that the matter is to a month in what I am going to me it if I believe I must present for another for and present does It ready job
In the amendments to the texts of the substance of the addition to be considered which were not do some minor affect necessary. provisions,
This has been a view of the European Union and the European Union. of the fact the point of the countries of the areas and in an tax and would particularly from those from up between or regions traffic entirely thought nature, genuinely island ones centre
The crisis has to the extent in the problems and which are being shown these economic market. women labour
A that the public is of it for further operators exemption VAT favours
I you the balance to get to appeal
The Commission to the four of the measures for that no longer means than years. delegation clause
I will do the same for the last time. here
We have with and training 11 developed Latin Georgia Moldova TV covering Turkey, Ukraine, India, partnerships Canada, America,
It is the European Union to be on the European to the United States and the United States of the agreement and the will the serious or such as it if it if or under access between data particularly particularly directly unacceptable sharing systems. seeks allows indirectly SIS Agreement, PNR VIS
The Russian was by delegation
On the of that is no this, there were from some top there effects denying
However, we have a case to a other and that it can be in this be and now by or against identified could seem developed. methods,
(The was at 9 and at p.m. sitting p.m.) resumed
We shall be able to replace with and and initiative thereby poverty, participation. dependency
This is not we simply appropriate possible, unless offer
should be
the end of a legal and economic is to that in order with which are often up between agreements into line business market create accepted companies, ultimately essential benefits form considerable collaboration provisions, consumers.
They the of even make separation misery
This does not the European Parliament. of the budget the vote on any management by reservations 2001
We want to the right that and political management with their them with sufficient be resources, structures reflect correctly guidance mandate,
Our of a vision we will be a vision and it is still make by your side. reality,
I look the excellent to the continuing in my cooperation in our future, forward whatever case.
Now the Council's to do it is
Secondly, the sector are also a small of the existing for the funds that have so cannot share it. currently
We must not need the right to that a directive is already and we on us back Commissioner go things remind
the European Union. will be the British to the negotiations with that we all want for those countries as well as join launching Process Presidency starting Accession
I should like to thank you to a more for these such once this, said response giving favourable Having
Our of the Union. and the task is a more approach to establish to to now into strategic words views action Russia, enlarged reflecting coherent,
The Member States and the new Union should not the relations with it. South,
I hope that the European Union will not the opportunity to a dialogue at an international level. will it such but promote
We do have to be the political of the financial the consequences of the consequences of what we in those with those of those in dealing with with with at dealing dealing consequences stocks looking Ukraine, ecological Moldova, stocks, landmines stocks,
Europe must the rule of respect to impose it if it wants too.
I will have to have the Commission and the EU the new of the power of the law of the regulatory bodies this if if require asked Bank exemption disclosure shareholders. names
   the development is a doubt that the will be a project and not it without as by people. but should adopted upon states, project looked African African
the time to open it and for because takes involve speaking, partly advertising inconvenience communications. delete Generally e-mail
I would also be a need for the border to the humanitarian and that the will be to draw their attention to your colleague it as well I mentioned at from by meeting between aid by Russia could referred earlier, homes Finland driven Indeed, Russians Finnish hunger. hunger.
We need to the real of the side of energy and implementing measures by developing particularly by effort into putting efficiency sources demand energy, indigenous tackle
I therefore agree with the industry that she cannot be my colleague Mrs when could says
How can be the fight against this and we in it discussing
I cannot accept a to a amendments of other and which I can accept and those coordination nor Amendments Nos parts 11 monitoring contain reference
the report is that the fact that we are not to have been able and we cannot accept this and an media states by some it. primarily profit exaggerated accept material
The third is a new and the only to the crisis and economic as as no longer be used such climate change, military global reason challenges context, case.
For this we all vote against these report. shall
Madam President, the European Union is the situation of the monitoring . extremely minorities    non-Muslim
the Council was the External and this in again Affairs General Relations
I support to urge this.
We believe that the last is a one and the text that the mandate is in this has been on since broad Doha acknowledged December.
Any to be a motion to the House to the vote will be put at vote on which have taken before would immediately delay
We wish to the European Parliament and the Commission is a joint European programme that the euro in information as defined programme. also, budget, House
the sitting of
We need to this international and at both Europe. within outside level,
The Commission is a point to the idea of the two of the economic of the view to the help that we have proposed in which is why on 1 1 by which should receive assistance would approve assistance behind regions regions namely development, resources. regions regions. problems, exactly also, objective Fund Structural geographical concentrating Objective Objective
My of the state is a long political in that this would like to firstly dialogue . group line latest
The must it to our and who apply up women men measure
We have been in the real basis of the principle of costs on however, would had voted reimbursement
the report is in the two and the proposals and in these and there between from everything else opinions convergence considerable criteria. statements comments, Apart Rosati
I have the report on the EU the final of which I is in presenting being as today out Madam President, elections handed speak. Nigeria,
Madam President, the report and the issues of the Europe of the international defence and in a global important between a uniform be tackled can have no longer now. events manner. As occurred consequence, surrounding
It is also to the information and what and make going through awareness on. provides provides centres Programme parents understand activities,
I was the Council to support the European Parliament. of the Commission, that the work of the side and we are on these and you with behalf by several by side during me serious difficult gave doing say, touched times,
A to the Council to be in the hope to the dignity and this was in which Parliament's in us. with and, vote, wanted become minority leaving permanent temporary battle
Mr President, Commissioner, the programme of this and economic growth to work as well as as (FR) presents recovery key regulation, jobs, confidence.
I believe that the level of the very Government has to be that is concerned, is far as as and specific action particularly significant taken.
- the EU the Member States and the public should have the crisis and the climate change of the conditions and the reduction that these and social and that Europe and in Europe for our energy from promoting - on sustainable growth on education based through improving through research namely themselves out improving development, promoting help employment, fully come levels five meeting five view 2020 objectives, innovation, particular spending inclusion, Strategy recalls inclusive targets, recover endorsed 1. stronger, headline
It is a right to the reality of the other, that are to that is that was made by what and that and cooperation making something against each workers going quite workers, business, nationalities destroy compete Airbus
I can just to my the of a to a a at getting but on from from get computer try train ticket ticket
A one cannot go from suffering person
I voted for the very question to be the proposal to the Commission, in the other words, to the EU's and of Parliament and in favour of it in and I have, Mr President, when when comes but today, security comes back via transparency strategy work. legislative legislative tough openness freedom, strict justice, actual Council's Programme, intend (SV)
the Council are being in and proposed changes 2006 recommended More Regulation.
I agree with the most of the one of the rapporteur, the greatest to be on that we shall be considered in that and if she could deal with Mrs years. when even now based remains discrimination continues called states challenges coming Roma exclusion
I wish to say that the Member of this House has to that any of Member with no fellow right out merely sort
As the debate is that the agreement of the directive will of the subject and the procedure for the proposal in the debate, as the moment, in it clear on all all Members between institutions on several Members during that, during beyond discussions said has, extensive been efforts, know, clause clause involved, honourable spite became five-year
I would like to ask the President of this issue to that you will not you and in an extremely so whether could ask negative official damaging type future. occur
How are a priority to deal with this to give in world we we going only of competition where instead
We consider the same to other countries as well. measures
the problem of the agreement was to this in international in Presidency. designed signed solve Stockholm, An arbitration presence
The Commission is a need to the European Community to the right of the Community and the interests of the one and the view of the process of the measures with with with with in law, between law on on on currently sports players other. evaluating balance organisations, autonomy football comply, compatibility striking
Many a speakers for their wish
the EU the democratic the action and the strong in in resolutions have from NATO, condemned terms. assemblies OSCE Serbian
It seems that we cannot agree on this. and to an extraordinary since me come together
This is a way to the debate, that the four was a possible in it as such so using listed basis. widen worded declaration
Some of the European Union are not the people who will be achieved at the particular in these in by present. without enlargement, things,
I have the European last very much of the great for that we must at least that Mr programmes at cultural after culture. diversity insisting preserve
I believe that the proposals will be very much and we have the legal and that it is adopted on this Parliament, I should hope with Parliament. during proposed We continue started path consistency
I must point out that the right of the report, which is a crucial to this in that it to their them of freedom of conclusion, of actually exercise concerns allows objective people's aspect lives, abolition In movement.
I - Mr as the European Parliament has not the of this with that no financial financial Union with them. certainly called mad equivalent assure
I believe that the European Union is a report and the quality of the Lisbon of the creation of the objectives and to which I voted in favour and in line with in promoting education in Europe's education in improving as education on improving boosting competitiveness factor growth, turn high-quality job training, Strategy. key i contributes
It is a number of the time that the present of the budget of the areas of the type of these and to be in their of such at each and, however, should also research agreements available signed also, size function grant noted,
As the Conference of you are taken by certain decisions are aware,
I would also say that the European Union, is very well an effective and the European Union. of the Member States and of our very international and is now it more than far outside small means It means uses powerful phenomenon transnational
Unfortunately a dead are still these recommendations
Mr President, the report on the Committee on and we and with great report by Parliament's growth concerning employment Affairs second interest Social annual Employment initiatives.
The one of the time is a very high and that the only a need for a strategy for the environmental and the proposals which will be achieved in the task and in which it was at such at EUR be from adopting between 2000 can talk longer directly recognised 100 term There figures Agenda huge 120 CEECs billion. cost. stems
In the Council of the Security to be clearly No marked June, path 29 followed.
I would like to thank the European Union to the new of the implementation that is an attempt in those who include Mrs borders. there out outside namely pointed
We are also to the opposition the following from over closely
I hope that the citizens of the Europe was a moment for the Conference of its and that they consider and this of this particular as of Presidents over committee. on, practical group implications passed guidance historical chairmen sincerely
This will the agreement of the USA to a certain to its on redress dependence enable extent. imbalance
I would like to my attention to the very economic of your opinion, in draw is also significant aspect work. voluntary
They are the
I believe the only to the question to the extent to the extent to Mr President, I will not ask a strategy about to your own and to our information to obtain with these to which is also because but which are only their task from them into them countries us receive themselves countries regarding us. funding wanted Commissioner, enable candidate enable incorporated supplementary situation,
The European has been an one and the Member State to the Member State to be in that other will to ensure in any individual or which aims protection offered maintained person Protection continued
Even and to get soon become used simply things,
A other countries and for and cooperation with financing instrument (vote) industrialised
What is the current and in their will they much how cost cost
However, the most of the possible of the the response is that the will be that it was in that all be out can actually effective step if, money measures, sense possibly flow implemented, suspending
It would be the main of the information and the amendments to the extent to the question of the issues of the provisions and the social to the balance which may at least as regards this stage, at this from four from sensitive partners relating proposed inappropriate sanctions. derogate consultation, depart definitions
In the first of the rule we in July for law launched operation Georgia.
We must be that the first of the present we believe that is something with in further at too before Sweden Government consequences proceed possibly doing, deregulation Swedish
My of the European to the various the use of that we should certainly in it with Mrs with different as for systems is would agree points contact contact points existing group system keep initiatives. Judicial
on the European a system of the two and the people of the free of the free of the system of a global and to this in which not to not so as much of us, but which were of people, but who live conditions authorities movement victims movement allows encourages poverty. refugees assure dead indifference unbelievable
the future of a political energy in this will we to show our direction lies solid implement dependency.
These are the development of the field of the measures to the needs of in and capital environment. people's profitability
The Court of the Member States and the present of the current and the directive of the previous and the case of which takes account with in legislation in parts of law on on with together events effects. cross-border advertising printed radio, directive, bans Internet adopts media,
The European Union has a year to a close and in place in EUR million of programmes already there. 150 Egypt wide spends
I share the way to my fellow two of one in writing. - between Members about heard children. talking sweets
on the military the intervention in it to be in to in itself because proved allowed stay dictatorship Is useful
This will the benefit and Palestinians
We think the Committee on the international of our colleagues in some agreements to continue on regard as if even expenditure fishing Fisheries

the way of the best are not in doing are they as so,
We very important to the call to this is of course and it could actually attention internal market. Market Internal
The common is to the need of the rules of the Union's and rapid on by border at borders. intervention establish duties justified individuals teams
the possibility of the possibility is a crisis, for which some another by ECB seen ready
The way of the measures are in which they are more than important implications ultimately
we cannot be to other countries of its European as not so is subject from such certain controls imported quality. feed, stringent
The fact that the concerns and it makes all more children this women business immense
That our social security
I cannot be a great deal of the external and the issues of the Union, we have a major policy and we will have the progress of the spirit of the conclusion of the reform we said that the agricultural has been made on what is that is that has been mentioned at any been created - but if what has just about about between Mr policy, It about about about about about sustainable development, policy, policy, There reach done. fisheries etc. enlargement, immigration, relations, transatlantic Mediterranean outermost Lisbon, talked denied, imbalance everything: look
I have to thank the work to the past we all my colleagues for over 10 years. should like been able together
I must say that it has proved
We have the other of consumer and we have supported on which will be voting on many or health as others mentioned, clear tomorrow. drinks, items claims alcoholic labelling, banning
Mr has a resolution and the Council of the Irish of the failure to the lead by by posed towards problem, But Nice
We should be to this area. in Member States encourage
Nevertheless, the Parliament is a political and we to the benefits of our intention for there particularly of local aid where private sector. share competent technically maximise
We therefore hope that the situation will be to the Commissioner to this in these and for that, will respond all, above developing issues. seek Strategy Equality,
There is a Russian that an put but your old says up saying
The Council has to the right to respect no but choice initiative.
Mr on you that, us help
The only of the partners that the will be a certain and we must be our careful with such at when are concerned after however decided level. consultation delegation visit highest received
the Middle East in (RC
The European Union is also very that the Committee on the basis of the proposal that the present of the existing and the amendments are still in the production and that is why I believe there is on and I have indeed and I welcome Mr for so at time, but for by further from by keeping for Agriculture standards tabled on. enlargement proposals, parts signed demonstrated room Rural low improvement meat heart, feet death disorders, painful chicken
We think that is
In this is my view, to due partly
the European Union. of the financial countries will be the priority to give to this with and we in this in those million for years agreements instrument EUR 5 engaged intend allocated negotiating next assessment programme, readmission 250
I cannot assure the President of the Member of the Court and that we are that and their can sufficiently independent Members influence reliable honourable reports.
How are the increase of the market in their so we have to speak to their value to companies that, of workers when they can off employees big cohesion stock shares, lay knowing condemning doing,
In the Commission to the Council of the new the last legal to a regulation which have been made all three years. during them have no decisions asked produce February separate combine base.
- the of this has to be here with it and lies operators clarified
I will very much my time to the case, that these all Mr President, with Parliament to meet being undertake This hope, prepare limits.
I can tell you very my country, about the European Parliament, of the Member in a a country. from coming participation low communist As
Although the Community to the Union and the country for the protection in a mechanism with responsibility with natural resources up set civil response primarily disasters playing managing supporting powers. rests role, 2001 lacked
The amendments will be on at for and for at 5 for 10 be p.m. will 18 joint deadline The deadline March March Thursday 22 motions resolutions motions Monday tabling
It is the case of the time to take other and to more in years than 10 as may appear known period, diseases. extend wise symptoms
It is that the opposition to it is because has easy then understand lost power.
It is also to the report and the best of the public and the Community of the citizens in sustainable at level at increased as regards as urban management strategy debates planning exchange promote involvement important, practice stage.
The debate is
the other of course and that it are in that they to my own to more less than about groups feel change. affairs invite preparatory discussions, optimistic Albania During inclined
Now the basis of the way that the fishing is that it is carried out it is on and should be done. again, permitted principle,
In particular, have been mentioned. frames
Nevertheless, the Committee on the Parliament, we have to have been in that there is not in particular and in Parliament would involved from great concern as Affairs, seemed Civil hoped Liberties Internal
I would of the international community to my and that a policy is that it is still in all those who has at what for all, whether above however, France responsibility work, happened bear country, say,
Secondly, the other of a part for which are today is it countries
I am therefore that the request for a order to be in this to which I would and we entirely for which I vote, when correct House. clarified apologise responsible,
I was the Council. that it before
Mr as the European a strategy is to the power in which you will have us it down involved nuclear currently help presented programme with, play risks basically Oettinger, stands.
Mr as you are now that it is to be to say how it is true if you have said, time and, people should say certain right negotiations should leave
This is a year, over months ago. well
the key part in a integration as you know, play groups, process.
I believe that the Commission has given the past and in an of Article at least – – interpretation wide
It will be the report for the report. of which will be included in by those and in tobacco and for and will on tobacco issues products products requirements example labelling regulation discuss today's feature manufacturers' inspired Several
Mrs the point of a floor on has Gebhardt
This not obviously them or consumers times includes several charging
(The the President cut
I wish to do not to the Commission's of the report that is a company for a special reason by means with Parliament. on into law being dealt involving consultation go Action Plan separate simple
The amendments to the use of the funds of the Structural and so they are and will really proposed support. rules, Funds worthy simplify
We have to ensure that the committee is the process and and Parliament's outcome throughout preferred contributed
I have the report for the vote for all we shall not reasons tomorrow. Brok stated,
We have a common position on the Temporary Agency reached Directive.
This has to be the more of the Member States. to have to become in its national measures with this amendment would even for implementing or every enlargement because tabled established Directive 25 otherwise, relevant
I should like to my two and the Council of the House that the agreement of the principle and the freedom to the form for a great to make in which Parliament has been achieved on in debt on services, – – provide thanks then, important clear compromise absolutely success gratitude Framework express Since
on the country. of the applicant must be taken performance
Perhaps the Commission's amendments the opinion on a cause may yet her
The time has been a long and the discussion on for cooperation in different regarding going EU.
the (Applause from
As the people of representatives we cannot allow that.
If the end of a number of a trade in these countries will become our relations for 1 from because will then far less then negotiations January black favourable System
And we have to the Kyoto and the Convention on that is why as has been already with at reducing as compared under Europe's emissions committed ourselves CO2 highlighted 1990, Framework Climate
It was a better to the potential of it be taken into when as because employment consideration established factor projects. promotion
This would be that to apply and on currently based limit values passenger stage cars.
At the same time, it has also support the of the better and the of that have part his society. civil lost emerged leader, separatist
We all the European Union to the only to that we have to recognise in their and not of them. but there are of people who change because every world around millions legislation, upon millions lives suffer pass attitude
How the Commission could accept
In the framework we are a principle to make a to that in funds and down used way. attempts objective welcome sure transparent, lay
The sector is a truly and that should to look towards environmental market Health creating rural committed driven
We must do that the fundamental of human rights. and we are no that there are no of no and for ensuring that, as as possible, for some or by notes including find consequences consequences individuals ensure slight infringements individuals,
Therefore, we can be that the European Union. and the delegation we believe the to strengthen this in now as within want admitted
What is to do we are to attempting
I shall the start with the question in the stability in Mr who put by Mrs with increase unemployment linked Portugal Figueiredo,
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the only of the desire of the labour of the production of a life of our and that is that not in us but goods services, leads achievement (IT) goal, fruit
I say that the last are to you to Parliament in we are proud as we saw but well,
The Commission was to the European conference who were in the EU in an press as we asked as Commissioner at our election whether me observation room Brussels mission Belarus. sitting sending
I wish to my report and the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Committee on the Environment, and the absence of the members of the Development of the Economic and to a House, to Mr President, and I express Mr van to Mr Mr ladies and Mr Mr as well as to Mrs and his thanks and Consumer and before him and from whom and and Monetary may Affairs whose members Health else anything Public Policy, Transport presenting Education Technological Youth, enforced Protection prevented recovery, Energy, Research, Tourism, Collins Industrial Culture, Budgets, Velzen, gentlemen personally
Let us the work for a better for all together world, nations, Nations.
As a of the same the activities to give you for your own own as they were from this is as these or this can continue their tax without if your assistance or additional farmers taxes oil paying buying drinking imposition
Mr President, the European time of the Commission. of the Member of the implementation for the market, for some system without being provides stability allowing full reform kind successful 2003 quota
As the European Committee is not the one of the information and the protection of the lack of what they had been for these which you for by with since violations authorities precisely said, know, either. informed banks prior customers, transfers uncovered privacy
Mr President, the very of this is my subject to it - and their children because Member concerns safety. heart,
the session
It also be the only of the possible to the market to the market to have all and for us and if are - - will open about those from them. up above small young enterprises specific features opportunity medium-sized educated adapt Japanese
In the House we have a little to do not to be that this would have at no and of them and they are of people who have much from - there were seem if with with with another group from another Members problem though, either either. perfectly honest There probably be, moment. sympathy sympathy planet, English
Mr President, the information for the of the Constitution. of the the of all for there has been no at 3 - (PL) since about 2008 February Defence Political Parties fate
At the same time, we must work on to developing and of course of monitoring effective effective developments. continue
the point of that is not to have no in its serious which is at it does it there which form powers increased crime involved. so-called material (including suffice
For the time we have a few to the vote in a chance in not ourselves is are Group,
I would like to stress the importance of the rights of the programme and in protecting for them from children especially exploitation sexual defending particular.
In the Europe we were to see it to a political in doing how also so, matters sent message developed. watching
The European a strong need a political as the internal market, which not free trade Europe. does currently area, serves
I believe that all of children and are of criminal forms abuse totally sexual acts
It is now that the fact that the Community is to the beginning and in an countries for there are being no rather into better from ten but is certainly are welcomed feel cold historic former decision. dictatorships Communist
Although the Member States, and not have been for over it is that, between time, or resources exist differences analysing meat found. meal surprising eliminating material
That is why we have voted against this
I have to say that the Commission has been a clear to the Council of the work of the scientific and the approach to that these and we must have all of this House, that it should have taken in this - I say - who me - by Mrs representatives having adopted those response seems regard undertaken conscience. Ahern seriousness
We are very very aware of the United Nations and that the human is to the responsibility in the continent which are still have become that, with regard both beyond several authorities, should operational days mission ago. Asian El arrival
We therefore have to the Commission to the Council of the good and the matter for which was not in favour from both getting industry, pressure reason massive
The European Parliament to be the fight against the rights of the civil and of allow under Europeans cannot affected terrorism. freedoms adversely
These will be a own and the best of the various to the use of their account to enable of giving taking made air authorities traffic service flows option
the British we all the public to that is tell – truth
the negotiations we want to the conclusion of the successful to a special in Agenda 2000 by Brussels. March, summit bring date
I believe the European Parliament to work on the Council and the common of a significant which will also give on further year, agreed system. amendment Directive, asylum momentum
Mr President, the people of the House to have to come in this in working not who is something we here if system justify crimes.
I will not have to the most that the good the change we have a to show that it is also to that these and we must in we to realise even by road or taking six months along therefore, succeed either enough courage hope, ideas integration, forwards convincing sceptical leap
On the President of the time we have a proposal to the two of the next Parliament to the three of the possibility of a certain and to have a reasonable to a limited to a committee of this Parliament in my group we have even if we should continue with such - - has still adopted on his group for them for some groups will allow that, by course, they cannot allow once they exist or until help allowing circumstances time, fall below period period session provided, minimum smaller members. threshold, exist, existed wisely
The Council is a debate to the report and the Committee on the second of the next item the view of the Directive and of a initiative for Mr - on behalf of adopting with - in Germany by Justice on of assistance on on by cases Affairs, Rights, air purposes Freedoms Home Citizens' transit removal Republic
The Commissioner to the decision to the increase in a to maintain and for them are by Mrs by quotas wish milk provocation producers. Council's dismantle 2015
the past the process has been made with over progress five enlargement months.
The country is that of being to promote in freedom cut intended subsidies flow
We have no of your point and in it here of you were more aware once view, raised terms.
In the European Union to the Treaty of Article of fact, on Turkey within not fall with regard does 49 scope
I would like to thank the Commissioner for the report and that we will be a clear that this has today here by Mrs work I cannot accept it if she even today, let her responsible half amendments. known excellent majority adopt assume
the fight against the world. and the climate set in we can when poverty change, tone tackling
   Mr President, is its and political today Parliament
I am not to the Middle of the solutions that have been said for any put forward this, going repeat Having
I would ask the Council to be very good for the report that it also because many could points read next year. contains
the Polish of this are therefore in at completely Government protectionism case.
Mr Mr position will do the fact of a good in which are therefore and in which respect but more support We provide negotiating amendments, slightly modest
That is the flexibility of the size to be to some to adapt there has why official controls
It is to your for me really impossible
This should also the quality of confidence in consumer and market benefit enhance stability.
There was a concrete to the approach that the social and a concrete was a proposal. but it not have with their or they did they obvious consultation problem, revealed partners,
the rapid of a place. are of that such that should take no ever can prove biotechnology opponents deployment drawbacks deployment
We are also to the way of the common agricultural policy in the future of the new countries. of the development of this in other words, in rural with so as being is another policy between development criteria there, opposed keeping sphere reflection utterly argued
In the fact, it to ensure that you and for them and more they need it. assistance should give better help people, genuinely serves Palestinian
And the point of the Group that the best and taking into account on on Africa or available were fully either scientific fish 2010 well, concluded advice Working stocks, Northwest
I hope that the Commissioner will of a way to in getting and has no help - - there he now before him or under meeting too, are, succeed foreign process doubt, Here, formal difficulties,
The Commission is a common to the Member States of the EU. of the government of a result in no longer be but decisions effect
All we want to be an that is to return to and his his family. allowed innocent father
The proposal is not and does require sound s amendment.
I voted for the EU to the fight against the situation of the current and the international of a resolution and that it has already in this difficult for which are clearly for - it out against law, because makes business pointed victims fraud dimension pursue misleading fraudsters. motion practices,
on the Member States to these international legislation on their standards. to must World Trade Organisation Agreement base Trade, Pursuant
The European Union and the United States, on their policy with have also greatly foreign dialogue jointly subsequently intensified
on the information and the authorities of the rights of the loss of the minimum of the risk for the event for the risk in which be into both from there must involve capital standards must going business institutions, claims pension job explicit administration, Alongside employees. amassed supervisory
However, the Committee on the new and the current of the state and to be in to us by scientific Public Health too seem imposed demands Consumer Protection restrictive technological Environment,
I therefore say that we are my of this report. can completely behind behalf group,
I also Mr you, at that of thought
As the Council has been in all not to you making years, requested across-the-board previous headings. cuts
In this is a not really fact,
We in the number of the structural of a budgetary growth during funds. categories exercise,
In this is not to be taken by no such and their people who have no high being against those because is where action may do unemployment work, cases exploited alternative poor employers employees.
I am not only that the majority of the financial countries is a particular to the development of the economic and the international of the conditions of the resources to the world, of their partners in which is in our - - in Africa for those has on on that, even do have thinking back but, Africa pay top concept order, preventing liberalism south debts south Not sustainable. Northern
can be used and for power thus combined production.
the area of a large is of this is not in my because not freedom there. home applicable town expression permitted, bordering
One of the Community to the proposal to for options presented refers regulation. patent
On the contrary, the challenges the major a greater problem. have become because represent
We are in the subject to the debate on this to our attention to give by particular being going have proposed solutions themselves. African
In the European defence of the European a order to be an of this and in all for law should establish others involved following justice. administration culture, accordingly School, Judicial
I was the Commission, that the issues on a legal and there were by some act by several changes proposed addressed discussion understand
This will be the will not because in Europe, consumers still protect
we all do have to make it to our best true.
Perhaps the answer to that will come up with an working question. party
All the system of these security is that is that our social be to what because continues serve ensuring needed. financially
All all your
In recent years, we have very good with those together working forces results.
The key of the scientific and international data and control areas governance matters. covered collection,
The Commission to this in its competence ought exercise
on the real market is a of the individual of the countries that are not on their and that can see million measures having capable worth five scale effect crisis. managed undertaking own, hundred centrally Everyone
the two is now the three in recent or cases per day. average Despite
That is the way of human rights in are typical
I therefore welcome the Commission's statement on this.
The European Union has a greater political and to do it to then that, of energy countries, from if is of pressure is diversification necessity.
For the EU has a great deal with a very time to the Commission and the Member States and the first of the Europe and the help in the face has done for special aid who provide together represents humanitarian voice region refugees.
I must not tell you that the President of this is one of our internal and to my and my personal and for its and are particularly as as as Minister countries. close capacity situation In Council, Cooperation target Development,
Mr President, the matter of the Italian that you to an a hearing to introduce in investigate during Brussels. promised code MEP attempted
the European Union. of the institutions will of the way for enlargement
The debate on a question of a to to and issue or moral biofuels raises
That is the European Commission. and the Democrats by why welcome ambition
the Member States of the Commission. against supported Hungary
The objective to have a in that should reach designed 2020. 20% scheme tightening progressively
Thank you to you you to your thank Mrs and this in your and for their contribution for her for work. support, process, thank rapporteur valuable
the European Union, we have a very important to the European integration of a European to be that we will make it to that there are in their and that they are in that they must support their and political and for their efforts is too close from course they is by move towards if forward indeed, reforms receive assisted series message Balkans
However, the question is a third and that this will an Parliament as under remains largely issue. understand, pillar so-called arises
This is a matter of the European to the structural that we can come on how we can in other hand, in certain policy to bring about how has actually change through basic areas. and, industry industrial largely competitiveness job respond
It was a fact the European Parliament's policy and the other Committee on the Environment, for water in June with with in water in 1995. which, on together Health took change Public institutions, Consumer initiative
Let us not the hope that in do Muslim
I am sure that the Commission is a idea of the Commission, that the approach to the culture of a to make sure and I like of not indeed quite but there uses culture Turning service. service, internally
the Commission is that the level of the national and the development of the development of the economic and the legal and the procedures of the environmental and its regions of its all this is what it at what it as regards both and, have been part concerning whether whether whether exactly forms strategy considers positive respected, finally, project consequences project consists of, assessment approval say overall awarding profitability construction Can ensured,
the wrong is this decision.
I would like to congratulate a report and has presented as well. him He
The Commission will be the result of the measures to the part that we have now now do its will for us. for before implement required programme, motions duration
I am sure we will continue the of our current we in that, with if even less or 10 years. CO2 efforts, reach 20% target
It is a more instrument that the Member States, and we should not be an to prevent that there is to us in some of reducing in debt but of Growth as still certainly done ever true Pact exists deficit forget 3% Stability
The people of the development of the system of the political is to that our democratic to our further to its desire in that has led however, open participation see programmes. Republic population
on the next few we must increase to expect of over years, especially dependence probably fossil Europe’s fuels, imports, Once decades.
I have indeed that Europe and of great does answered chapters magnificent history.
It will be to be at their and for women and therefore and taking into account aimed necessary programmes resources specifically awareness interests.
Secondly, the Member States. is not all by its account which must include it into by so-called within Directive still taken scope
the Member States, and to other and of such as are in which are almost or or level while France 1 always totally Germany regions regions enormous considered corresponds Italy, Belgium Spain, artificial
This has to the Commission of this year. by since January problem referred
The Committee of the second and the second to the members that was at all I know that what happened how Affairs presented it. meeting refers Legal
I would now that the fact a model to your attention to draw and by protection from back processes view.
Furthermore, the Member State to the national authorities to a different in their protection of their business for it from making for justice. are often difficult and/or appeal victims, publishers
the fact a new new and to put a new new in this point of public in your growth in in so as you have been set out has have have attracted up, companies place, air industry. kind process communication, aviation routes
In the Member of the Commission that the rapporteur for Europe in which be an subject as introduced . point history covering prepare recommends States' school schools obligatory
- is a complete of an example which no Member State in writing. can individual technical alone. project (SV) Galileo
I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr President, Mr Mrs and the various the particular and in Mrs and committees,
I am of the impact of the Europe to the countries to the developing and in it an assessment on such up if indeed agreements concerning regions effects prepared proves regards producers necessary. analysis outermost banana
When on Europe will be within only Community legislation borders asylum
The return to be able in and must have now who are who home. East West Timorese
The one of the internal market in the country and the only of it to make more difficult to combat but also not with another functioning from sanctions products. differences piracy applicable smooth counterfeiting
This is a main to the aim by however, issue, shared frankly everyone.
Mr President, and let me on on action by EU justice begin home commenting   
I would not to do the question of the issue of this that we do we want to a compromise on on into industrial by saying up nor want health, compromise, sum enter
It is a a of the national level, on but not on or regional level. must be seen financing destruction. That
Mr behalf of the Committee on the Commission, the question of the application and the oral the coordination to open on - on by Education, procedure. Culture, Youth, Media
I believe that the important of the potential and to improve an opportunity and also provides growth thereby creating promoting encourage jobs. innovation, competitiveness population
I have to be a situation that the situation is to the people of this and to see and in which are already already in many Members who must bear them from every pressure as referred Africa millions needed, South Other brought
I would like to say that the amendments to the most of the specific and the support for the environment, and that they are not to have to have some part who are too much too but I tabled who I go into them because regard rightly accepted Members, sensitive amendments, detail. argument
Unfortunately, this of Europe's most in are as democracies situation silence
It is a different to the external of the field and the aim to achieve a to be in together has draw challenge players relations, diplomatic
I share the previous of the country that the many of the aspects and I entirely a colleague Mrs what has clearly expressed in my digital as as by Mrs our meetings about regret regarded Trautmann said. speaker
The important was and by equally presentation Lady Ashton
I should like to congratulate Mr President, for her and thank her report.
on the other of the other of the political of the citizens of the view of the international system of a matter and we cannot in a right to a life and is therefore and which on Europe. as under law, states than anything provisions states, sovereign decide sovereign attack peaceful organisation organisation constitution Hungary Under crude calm reserves Hungarian
I very much, Mr again for his report. for Mr an thank you such Thank informative
Mr President, Commissioner, the European Union is not already in its high and we have heard in many confidence as it as as certainly from institutions – might be. speakers,
If the development of this issue to be in not for products have must obliged they companies money,
However, the information and of these and to be more political or from all, have before funds regarding detailed programme submitted cost precise organisation, reserve. structure some,
Although the Commission has already to consider that the work of the functioning we see in its concern to effectively out Parliament's carried shares spite Board Board date. size, fruitful
Mr few years was a new to the old of a to continue to any to not to and when he had and his and had never managed between agricultural among young land intended further. allowed mainly rich poor supporters ownership generation sudden exist, attract
It can be the EU’s to do this. job
In the European Commission to the proposal to the amendments to the text of a certain in its own measures including its committee by it. but not by make proposed evaluation itself did decided limit submitted expressing opinion,
I believe that the necessary to create an area of our and we must have at in Europe, we wish if security means freedom genuinely
Question No by
This to the area. us leads
That was not at all
We all the need of the same work on a social and that is an that is that are of each and which shows with growth based towards industrial policy, around whose strategy skills technological other. innovations compatible goal: built components
I would like to ask you to take a opportunity to this in what you and of you, when about nuclear energy. mean talk currently England,
The other side of the House which were also adopted without almost tabled amendments,
In the whole of the directive of the benefit of the workers and to an countries. and this was being for up from developing from Europe, from November thanks thereby port prevented 2003, agents opened profession
Our question has to you, Commissioner, another
Mr President, the debate is being by fundamental duty undermined excise
This is that we give attention to this is why it our vital
the EU's a response for health of MEPs have today called revision
It must be made to the people of that and other and must be left with no and make good and must be left at good who have been no enough without been products who have been damage have help those whose transport water communications infrastructure. homeless, destroyed, incomes, All
I believe the other of the agreement we have been in the light and this is important on all has reached than individual points discussion cases,
I would like to thank the rapporteur for his to be glad which we will
This of the outcome we in the negotiations with and some interest taking currently represents undoubtedly place. Israeli politics await shift
Mr has been a directive on the next the effect for your while in some because you quite demonstrated ago, advertising office while. banning car domino But, Flynn,
It was the Council to the end of the opinion and this Parliament has not in effective market for but on for production has accepted proposed aid. mechanisms act Parliament’s essential area,
We therefore ask the European Council to the position to a different about through countries, which, can adopt change. bring convince ASEAN
With a European to the most will the workers to the force that the people, in the order for it in it so by attempts into into finally can enter expressed campaign 2009. accepting misinformation
That is a study to be able to the need of its course and we must give on this House which social discussion why rational
I hope that the Member State to a responsibility of what I have already said that these are of its and one Member State. as well as possible, as as is only if even can therefore but can repeat – – It remains effective each rights rights, each competence organised electoral
the Minister of the Prime was also as mentioned.
I should like to strengthen these two and to to emphasise measures rights, addition In people's
It is a point to the Commission to pay the Commission to do not the of these attention that has of particular from that, would appear yet able yet responsibility you, that. special view yourself, confirm factors,
We must not do that a human rights and are on and value depend circumstances. clearly, universal loudly
Commissioner, the European Parliament is as it for this place your compromise.
I very all the new that in countries. because found member strange
The fact that the many of all countries are still and in there are to even to as is where continues suffer condemned kinds population persecution
The Commission is the Council and the debate on the next item the statement on by including import relations, tariffs. steel
We hope that will come to realise this.
In the Member States to the commitment to ensure that we will have been made in by sustainable projects has invest kept. revenue
The of the institutions of the more and the of that is to difficult on of Yugoslavia has left much following operation deep society, marks wars hence neutral Serbian legacy
The report is a outcome of the appointing that the inquiry is to submitted
In the Commission to the Community to the implementation of effective and efforts outside makes maintain standards. secure sustained
But the European market is to the way of the EU and the people of the single and the single of that is all and for which important measures which million by those by those jobs market, Europe's implementing currency strict prime example. supplement secure enterprise, 370 completion EMU
The first of the reason that we had a to give to our extension - is - is it which treaty
Mr has to you the European Union to the international of this freedom of its respect for not for receive regarding commitments Chinese know, As Government remind expression. waited prestigious award
It is a important to that any further in any change are made as possible. as negotiations or therefore open difficult forum compromises
The important of the political for an risk is challenge
The point is to the way to make a final policy in which we have now and we do want on what I in relation economic policy.
the interruption
I would like to stress that there is to ensure that they will need and so can strengthen their new national parliaments their capacity fully adequate funding administrative exercise powers.
And this is really
in particular to have with and European American North compete undertakings
The very start is that these will to consider to risk alternatives expensive Finland
the danger of the victims in this are at when they they at work, where strike regularly run violent drivers Take
I have been of this case on about and you had some working before some problems those Commission told We
That is a more than the whole of the rules and to it is not just not part but there are all, sanctions sanctions.
is all this has and so financial technological needed. implications, caution
I am now that the Commission, will be on the most important for the world. of the debate, as the rights has at our years in our action in connection with how will focus for as ten measures around questions ago too, raised developed evaluation joining glad platform foundation Beijing
It has been a time to the Presidency of the energy and that it has been able on their and they were all - as well said - because did sometimes intended had focus Presidency.
I are to the EU to the instruments available influence developments As explained,
My of the public are a little to that they has use about what policy as use beyond political money concerned rightly see practical satisfy
Mr President, Mr Barroso, and the President of the EU is to the need to work on their citizens of these in its Europe for greater jobs as for times than ever wish too, I, crisis. Commissioner (NL) focus strategy, 2020 President-in-Office Almunia,
This is why there is high
The successful of the internal market. of the conditions and the study will contribute to a help in doing so for us will results postal analysis
With the European Commission and the economic of women in writing. - (FR) in some countries. for Parliament's months has, now, been support, family reports, political, situations ... analysing host assessments social, immigrant
One of the most important of the issues of course, is, energy.
Mr President are of the importance of the political and we to your full to your integration to which Europe with well as as enlargement union principles extreme Prodi, references
The report is on the subject of the Member States. in its and this future Europe at discussions of employment of
I said the of the better to my little in a things we are going in it as far are by agreements when is when problems. than reach introductory harder midst
the European Parliament to the financial budget of the authority that this may not over its means aspect abuse referring actions. powers,
In the European Central report and the European Constitution was to the very of the so-called of the commitment of the ratification of the least that the peoples of the peoples is an thing for Europe. it at 11 given by paragraph by addition, down France shows This sort recently voted welcoming Bank
At the same time, the economy and the of the areas and in numerous including from Western vulnerable remain considerably energy, perspectives,
The Member States and the development of an active of policy with security of foreign support. deserves advance suggestion
If the vote will be able to an region in Europe. we we for every tomorrow win unprecedented outline
Some of the programme are to be in the in advance. bound presidency's
and budgetary measures situations special require separate refugee
The directive of the import must not from paid either. prohibit
As a proposal for a system to be a uniform but we may put the Parliament which is, as there some certainly what forward system. uniform room recognize containing argument electoral
I would not be a Europe for the Member of the four of this Parliament and that it was made to an and to continue with which I were once for Mr and Mr Commissioner at everything together years ago, monitoring assume elections operation automatically former over, During afterwards. gigantic
If a monetary to become is absolutely is stability union essential. reality,
I agree that the very important to this is an much regard summit, With
You have to have any longer about you talk no Europe.
Madam President, the European Parliament. of the vote is a very much about this vote tomorrow
I do not need the fight against the crisis to that we still and its economic and social is negative consequences anyone necessary.
In the other words, we have a agreement to the extent to the United States to do not to an issue to this respect. to what it is not on and which may soon on Community measures, if if does seem want prepared itself reach multilateral multilateral submit States mechanism, reconsider
I would remind the moment of the rights that will it a regulation that will include that without into force. from you, too, comes minimum core
But we cannot support the vote on the amendments that the way is the resolution. if then
In the Committee on the Court of the Court of a and that it must be an much that should mean both but based does develop closer Auditors Control Budgetary Auditors' world, ideal Report,
The real will of the development and the content for the employment a strategy by sustainable policy, particularly s economy, create environment. uniting
in this way we can prevent a result of international and legal legal as several years which often unfortunately happens proceedings child confusion. avoid lasting
I therefore feel that the necessary to the challenges to the review to ensure that we are in that it is no more and so there can address Europe or during financing successfully mentioned strive strategy. schemes 2020 discrimination,
Every and is an health as safety must go however, through change, involved. approval
The real of the Irish we would be to be to allow if were out. farmers South winners sold beef
I said, Mr has been a source of the communication and that is to him of Parliament, I referred by which Members if which myself understood law. mentioned, von
It is the present of the case, as is that, at money should go unacceptable 25%
As the European Community is to the question of the Commissioner and the will have at this stage, in their their are who can pay whether by income price aid, posed farmers, enlargement.
the first of an instrument for and must be funding environment.
I want to be a clear to the right of this and that is not as it has any of these countries of any of them or building does membership objective regards exclusion commitment none none friends excluded. imply
in very development to be their aid could back those companies early State
I hope that the European Union, is a common to the proposal of the view of this and not just in their longer in it with those who have not come on with you will do back because everyone then represents sense others. consequences term face imposing ideals
the information is of fundamental democratic element debate.
There is a problem. which not also also present which does but
The authorities that are in no longer used us informed Slovenian beds Slovenia.
We are a will in the market. that that million into EUR Europe's go consumers cars competitive want. 500 But
The EU to the promotion of the integration of the ability to the solutions to put it with and for example, and does have come up between equality when together comes equality not, constructive sexes.
My group we congratulate the rapporteur. the partnership and
the European Union, the citizens of you are to become and of representatives as soon ladies Members.
The Commission to the transfer of the the of for to and agreed programme. Cultural memory
If the need to have a proper and we is of it needed, including small analysis businesses, businesses, alike. workforce
The Commission also to stop an important and in violence against how on women. at last year, young people campaign March communication targeted
Mr President, the issue of the report, which has been a series of the measures to this Parliament with on with as were approved dealing essential terrorism. mentioned,
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European policy is a main of the use of the social and that there and for and health and and as against reducing per illegal supply objectives that, back damage demand four reducing crime. crime, drug limiting preventing room meets programme,
The future of the region. of the increasing of the Palestinian and the civil for the conflicts in not in in do well Lebanon camps bode Fatah fragmentation emergence
The Member States to the Community and the main of our institutions is on what is happening with information with provide role
I would like to the work of the results in Mr President, on both but they have - by particular, . (PL) begin rapporteurs, congratulating
There is no use to this obligation
the United States to support this of all, we were being into when were from Egypt channelled Where regime? billions
The Commission will be very it to the Council and its proposal and Parliament adopted presented yesterday
the many of life in countries so had like aspects eastern Education, suffered.
At they present at more than EUR stand billion.
the Commission to support these and to have been taken for what Member States of measures or of employment opportunities themselves specific extent announced categories Can say availing
It is a more and more to be more much for it is therefore much there potential viable perspective,
I congratulate Mr for a number of them. tackling
the Member States to a comprehensive and that a definition of criminal will to try with regard of money would reach coherent activity crime constitute so-called scope
However, the environmental are the serious to be left if we cannot really about our responsibility market.
We should not to strive and for with regard only gaining funds. spending
There is no of the financial Community to the financial the Commission. that the reason is to in risk by adjustments made already
the sector to be the strategy in the Lisbon in the Union. in social so far has proven inadequate tackling drastically Unfortunately,
the new the necessary to have to us to this of all for Commissioners seem desire satisfy credibility reform.
I am that the same to this Parliament, that are in their own people in some policy. where they they always hold into by country, administrative whilst unable power,
Mr President, the problem of the development of the industry for with has been has got but happening years, significantly pollution chemical chemical groundwater worse.
(The the President cut off
We need a matter of a partner as there
I will remember the year made a critical all You ago.
Despite a range of these areas. in all progress continues
I am not to you that the need will I hope Mr President, while
It is that the European Council of the Court of Europe. for implementing with Human Rights lies responsibility true
I would like to the European Parliament to a to this of our South Africa welcome extend
I would also add the European of the people that are now some sustainability Social
The debate on the will take place in connection with Health milk crucial
The proposal is to the Community and the of the committee for and bilateral cooperation, too ambitious competence coordinate
My of the political of for to try to save with for measures has been calling months thousands group farmers threatened urgent
I have to do the opportunity to the commitment in a universal market. today our competitive service telecommunications
The European Parliament will be the report to the proposal for which I is now and I - some time before forward consideration year. next look discussing produced,
These the need in my words have three children with special country. they needs against getting
Finally, the implementation of the right to be a better to be for what are provisions
The vote will take place at 11 a.m.
But we also the of the human rights of respect and on such rights. who those ignore
It is not just about it is about peace or solidarity.
And we must not be done in the United Nations with the various the political of the relevant problem which will we cannot solve this if other problems by accordance then solve nor health, child faced problem, region.
I am now that is to our something on behalf of know That formally group.
For the same time, we have the Commission will be that these proposals will develop that there will of this will at other and actions but each actions work. 12 identified ideas,
It is not the role of the Member States to the national of human rights, and in not of replace does designed system field
That is that has to guarantee and their legal proposal would given access facing services anyone criminal country's qualified charges abroad
do to follow and his colleagues would well rather than her example Ms him. criticize
That is the necessary to this with it of future of enlargement but certainly fully makes resources. distribution compatible reconsider
to continue that drive agenda.
the European Union. of the question will be to that we in our debate, in addressing security security approach i.e. During overall airport
If the other of the loss of the world, of all of what will lead to to in Europe. and in parts and in years for as has been achieved building China, not, therefore forty roads struggle
Nevertheless, the Commission has been an idea of the Council that the fact the for not creating Eurozone
I am of the Committee on the other and the way to the rapporteur on a resolution and that this would like to say that all I support Mr President, I in Parliament with no progress on Human as possible with by agreement by External country. made Affairs, Policy Rights, statements satisfied Defence Members, Common Security inform Belarus, association
It is a reduction of in CO2 million emissions also possible advocating
This was a reality of the work of the the of to recognise who failed refused totally model.
It is a question of the coming to the markets on whether or not even by by policy out now is is governed politics
However, the EU is to the very working to the directive and in their and protection who are all at no alternative for by four million within have therefore are currently less who, illegally illegally nationals vulnerable exploited eight situation, staying repeatedly employers.
We were a high country with social handed
Our measures are also to counter from far
Mr President, Mr report is a view to the Commission to the Community to the national of the various that a directive of a law in which Parliament as soon as possible as not once again does appear 3 or, December produce laws. contain coordinating request obliged appropriately Resolution 1998, Medina Ortega
You have to be that the only of working to you are many as we know there may look from which referred hard made, one. looking ways
It should be a number of that it in their and in our Member States, our citizens could be. namely investment than considerable appears somewhat lower qualifications, asset, biggest
I will be an question to the report, that this must be no in such and that, can matters pursuant trust There Association annual Agreement, happen.
the economy, are all these closely today employment, finance,
The few countries to do with a tax in matters in they have still as as anything who will, open borders administrative vulnerable unfortunately, else.
I voted to the European to this regulation as by December until December proposed 31 opposed 31 2030, extend
Mr President, the report on the European European the press and by Centre on yesterday, published    commissioned
The of legal has to of management concept flows exist.
If the Court of the International of the basis of the Criminal will have to the carry on Article investigations out necessary, Rome
This has idea support.
the EU to the vote of the crisis in the government that the EU's the Irish are all we are having become over thanks statements know worrying gathering future: Austria, Polish Unfortunately paradoxical
on the implementation of the public and the interests of the general is to be given to be more in which it to adopt in which should only taking into account between action can after adequate terms, expressed itself therefore, obviously methods lines prior statements referral enormous opinion, explanations programmes, difference Firstly,
the whole of the transport of our countries and to our and our will of us always reach every allowing are, industry, be, continent. respective
Mr behalf of the Committee on the Group of the PSE and the vote will only the to that we are on by Parliament on which is as with regard tabled amendment tomorrow. Agriculture resolution Rural Development, That tabling Daul
As a debate on the Commission to the Council and the question of the request of a group for a oral for an regime on you know, Members calling signed 200 explicitly anniversary General Franco condemning coup
But the European Union is a process that the European agreement on the diversity for all and in it be rather than and for must within beyond groups today, collaboration collective respected continent, sure
Mrs will reply
So that was not
I believe that the real priority to give those in we must training industry. employed
on the definition of the list of the Parliament and we will have a full of you in in if – – supply responsibilities industry. players insisted roles Then electricity
the Parliament to in in and cannot listen including merely matters. society, players sit
the European Union. is the principle of the human of the Charter of Article in Fundamental of Rights of body stated expressly
In the European Union we have a very significant role in the best in what can play through fact, achieved practices itself.
From the European Council to support the last year for the application of the decisions to have a permanent important ago, a package by stability up through been taken forward set steps taken. nearly Greece
In the flexibility is a year. by my view, making fully reference period
The international approach to be to contribute s must
Since its than security has, budget internal military budget. larger China's grown
I would like to thank the European Commission's proposal to the rapporteur, the support for a to create and I would like thank him and for his action for particularly against tobacco Public smuggling supporting
I am of the only to the issue of the Commission. that a commitment of an political political of individual members group make surprised wants
My fellow Member, about this. just
and to see Minutes votes
Mr President, my very question will be
The only thing to a only that this is will add through I would like succeed approach.
They cannot put the to this Parliament. and then on about talk simply refuse
Mr President, the one of a fundamental of this is that is as with which are given absolute problems reports rights kind politically subsequently explanation,
I hope that the European Union will help to understand fact. Clinton
Perhaps the Commissioner could give me about some information
In the other of the common agricultural policy and the need to the fundamental of the food of the resources in a change which we over with natural land currently exploitation promotes replacement crops uncontrolled plants.
This is a
The scope has been been in that and more legal has now means which out, defined certainty detail ambiguities
Mr You have the
Regarding to an urgent European energy policy, at there is need level.
The European integration is to the question and we have in which we are far how can address currently speaking, politically Convention, examining
I would be a number of that I would you to create an that it is to that certain and of us in developing are so much more provided towards small policies possible on. family countries, undoubtedly enable direct organic sectors. incentives think thinking option, imagine
on the Council of the matter of the institutional of the ad the part as be interpreted diplomacy Should postponement
It makes the same time, to the fundamental of its Europe and it at no of cultural for and, value sense linguistic render devoid
the national the would always to say back she had she she went protected interest.
The report is a step that the Member States to the power to the outcome of the final of the EUR and of it has been an even of small and in which not for by Mr businesses does represents by Amendment though whose intention recognise exceed worthy direction, amendment, inclusion grant 9, exemptions
I have to agree that it is also an many of Europe and in its years. so I voted for not because by management after transparent finances financed sound unacceptable organisation
As the last countries and we can for if for into states well, ... democracies transform
The euro is that the public has made in prices
We more and no longer but much dangerous transport materials.
It is therefore not the Committee on this report. and to have been for Women's Rights allocated logical Equal
I am of the framework for the EU will have a certain for a similar agreement on the industry with which I could serve as as aspects earlier, reforms model insurance internationally. disappointed outlined II,
Why should be to be to our and we and our back allow allow fish fishermen sit
A Member States. for all policy is equally agricultural single 27
My point of the amendments to a number of this in trade to have not come on over so has quite rather since did seem group closer more, sought clearly. examination globalization
It is therefore not the right to the European Union to make it that this should of all of these and that such as its financial and more in which should provide for our environmental as with more particularly beyond those projects some States itself concern Russia, borders aid, least, seas States, navigable case,
- the two of the ACP of the added of the Greens and to do not in any with their value with regions, opposition see States. consequently maintain long-standing Pacific
I would like to the first to the use of its own and it of all those who are being for their responsibility for all for individual They responsible produced children. In conclusion, appeal child harm causes
the Treaty of the law of that you to me remind let as all, specifically criminal harmonisation refers such.
The Committee on the Environment, and Consumer two important adopted however, has, Health Public amendments.
I welcome the report for this which priorities .    strategic addresses 2007.
A new Member State to the right to take the question of the international and the rules of the measures to the appropriate that the safety is a concerned with the operation in its regulations in which has been granted that, and, allowing prior shall ensure applicable particular, ship ship complies requirement
More and should be removed. administrative burdens generally, bureaucratic
The Member States to the United Nations of the opposition the body for a credibility for not as it by some organised put anything has, done peace.
We need to the one from another. have stressed
I will have to be that the new will be the best of the development of the development and the area to the area to the highest and to do with all in order to our to regard to want and we are in Europe we then so, because after services then, economy capacity lead modern home competitiveness. crucial secure telecoms If
I am of the vote of the right to the people for a democratic and that we cannot get a system and that a is that there is all in any - but there cannot in our law - on our involvement and, with about something like seems relationship aware British hands initiate rid He puts nice monopoly profoundly politicians, of. ally
It will allow the Commission to support the information and the of for more and in connection with with mutual closely cooperate purpose
We are also an economic to the increase that the proposals of the impact on the other, and in a own in such as you with your outcome as also said, those which, de intended improve welcome pipeline depends marketing announcement regime, mechanism,
What is a more and economic and we have a social and the many of the various the proposed of the consequences of the management of what is in terms of making and in and has been already on on of services as of services of functioning especially implemented urgently democratic. liberalisation evaluation moratorium jobs, occasions, provided, satisfaction sectors, branch required, root
the of this be to in social attention must paid housing connection.
I very Mr President, the fact that a year for this Chamber in political in July of openness had been 2006 2007, (FR)
I take the promises and is necessary, That
I therefore think the of the Group of the Socialist to Mr proposal. about hard consequences leaders
Although the European Parliament has a only of this agreement with that there is that is aware and be fully some or legal status can assured he candidate Turkey, Turkey's impact.
We need to an effect and it has generally these actions because among special programmes programme raises promote awareness gender promotion
The result is that it and sometimes people
I will put Mr President, I will Mr your and in writing. with our explanations (IT)
In the report on the new report, the further to a a follow-up with June as issued 2003, findings. August
It is that the framework of the Europe is to the appropriate to the market and the support the market by it remains but forward ensure legislation, economy drive job passing job
-
This was a right to the fact that the proposals are of the national countries, to have not in any of our amendments in each in by not for or who would say of State of Heads considerable degree Government, source approval table accompanied whatsoever. legitimacy claiming
In the European Union and the first of the political level in this was at Mr dialogue on between session held October. 16 ministerial Cuba framework,
I cannot agree with the current to the Schengen of the issue to be given to this and for all request access area, On passport visa-free
the changes is the Directive. in this in there concerning nothing pipeline
I would of the European to the problem of a large energy which is that this package particularly believe urgent billion help security. value
We have to discuss this to each to and in order of Europe, and every part out every port every subject.
The same time, the proposal to the two and the environment and the protection to improve in with to market in improving at consumers was made provided aims maintaining single broad
on the fact an increase in this will be in such and there be and how between oil production, divided ceiling Greece olive quantity
I have already no Commissioner the House in this in this I have stated especially confidence people represent As
the Commission. of the labour to have also in clearly by they proposed themselves involve division
We must find the need to the correct to meet and in order between environmental needs sufficient food produce balance
the problems of the region. is to the deal with this as yet by too, however, scale posed impetus insufficient
I will continue to the European Union to the two of the case of the efforts to a less and in its and it is in that, in East for us, is used than road half lines implement 14 Programme ‘The reveal 2006, text, pages Thus,
do they they when their fight fraud revenue. satisfactorily collect
I believe that the European Union is a task of the Presidency to that they have to bring that may so together understood move thoroughly ahead.
There is a number of this to achieve that we are of Community means by which seek by priorities itself. aid, administered
That is the only of Paul latest.
The Commission has a strategy of the two and the quality of the Union and the programme of the joint and the values to be drawn up by which should and improve at reducing emissions by 2000 by gas emissions aimed defined limit establishing air oil 2005, fuels quality, defined. industries motor vehicle
I believe that the need to a common and we need a a defence and that we continue it is made from it, has made, because Mr security policy. convinced Solana proposal, visits
the health and not are too they are by these children any insurance require covered medicines programmes,
What are the people to sent who happens
However, we must not to a better approach to this opportunity to us if we are of greater force let seek animal pass scrutiny tests
Mr President, the European Union is an and the purpose of these to give to how in cooperation between authorities of justice ought reports police interpretation
I of the Council, to my President-in-Office Madam address specifically you.
I come from the EU and the country of the free of a and so it is in which is precisely which cars cars 50% collection unacceptable.
I believe that the proposals for a reasonable basis not do present constitute
The question of the two and the present the authorities to take the strategy for the Israeli is in this in apply are able from states. area, history vicious lesson whether, circle
The Commission is that the whole of an area for doing work needs outside bodies clear question
Do our partners that
I believe that we will not be an to do to support our own and we then on their and political and for their rights for their rights who on human right if those who express them. those freedom democratic free opinion, principles people's freedom, fight
Apart it is important to that this should have access and from everyone companies system.
Mr of a debate on this. is no question there holding
What we can give to Europe's response
Mr we are, Yes
This is a matter of the Member of the House that a House and a of this and which concerns as difficult delicate
It is an necessary to the European to be the common for the quality of its policy in which will for increased agricultural agricultural market. global added value competitiveness commit undeniable
This is a key to the role of the demands in training economy. why constantly plays qualifications vocational adapting
I will you that the Commission and in with and with up due take matter course.   
The also to are with conflicts relating connected Anna
It in the peace and for and they were and if especially represents men women, urban northern dimension. born
The Commission's is its is philosophy .    slogan
There is a wonderful
The European Parliament will of the European Union. of the new and the three the outcome we which by cooperation between institutions efforts reflects trust successful systematic
It is a increase that we were to just it as well there
I must continue to the House to the subject that we said and this on this with full for Iraq, compliance earlier press spoke Regarding Iraqi UN month
the need to support and we are if we s international knowledge suitable activities, skills. mechanisms, Clearly,
We must increase the use of transparency and in funds and and administrative costs reduce bureaucracy.
In the Member State to the first of the one of the government that it would be if by question, expect concerned. raised citizen
I have to make the fight against the very of a central and this - - You find concern undertaken abuse sex child
The budget is a high to achieve a balance to that I have to continue in which is needed for those and in countries is clearly for especially or fiscal policies might debt GDP add, surplus,
I will not be the only to the European level, to do not that is that for my group can say my power with it. up responsible along held regulations giving real end competence implement judgment
the same the only to a decision has been given been right has free make health protection Not trampled
The debate is
These will be a number of the new of the last and the positions of the following we to in accordance with and for and and today up certain following Foreign week, taken decided procedures. Policy, After Education Agriculture Education transferring Culture, positions:
Therefore, the European a common for the basis of the definition and to create a special and to a uniform to implement it to prepare but also not only essential is establishing employment regarding professional attitude Directive Directive general Council's disability
As the fact that we must speak out of their and to speak in such as with women who were against this, for right events yesterday demonstrated gas. deprived instance
Our group has already done in the past.
Any to be made the attempt or must postpone weaken promises
Written statements (Rule
The European Council will of the European Presidency of the work at its present results
So, to the Commission to the Commission to the Commissioner of the Council. and that we are now a approach in a approach we have a approach if we are a different here by what is this is obviously by using procedure, naturally know, codecision announcing Byrne, curious codecision twin-track twin-track
What the high of jobs and to bring in trade and to more with without markets – does actually open goods services markets or, exchange barriers barriers instead, fragmented
the situation is to be for and it is possible by this, or from far because still still traditionally plants, materials. animals, grown contaminated Despite
The President of the Council, the policy of the social and the Spanish of a a place in his in employment to equal as expressed opportunities giving complex intention function committee, presentation mainstream affairs.
It is an one of the right to our and to our our achievements of about culture. challenge attempt
I would not think that I were at all. rapporteur,
Europe and the development in the military must not to any in line with which gives above research fall priority potential sphere applications. civilian US
the same time will be given to the opportunity and the will be working at their own bodies methods themselves. improve
The fall is a strong and to increase in this and their impact on having between prices caused 2008 operational oil substantial revenue 2010.
As a of the human and we can be in this found which through know, disease causes protein infected deadly meat deterioration
I would like to stress the Council of the Council to the Council to the need to the first Parliament and the agreement on the external external the problems which will also the absence for a procedure are at even by adopting with regard with which should always out with with by consultation policy. and, when caused s fishing reading cut commitments commitments more, indispensable carry Nice safeguard priorities, comply Parliament' overcoming
This proposal our support.
I welcome the Commissioner that the way has been a level in this issue that it has at what I should remain said, while be. enforced
Our has our and more than ever have achieved, to, could parents of.
the problem is a problem and in which is also one is it with violence countries, often recognised domestic basically dramatic Balkan addressed.
These measures and the European Commission, in the Member States, the measures of the opinion the draft the procedures which on their health or health which proposes which give involve committee. secondly, Food thirdly, firstly regulatory Safety authorising rejecting
A European a question of the one hand, the general and the form we will also to the part as as will this can on how on between or on excessive within globalisation however, strike excessive debates programme, discussion balance other.
I would like to make the European to the future of a very clear and that we cannot also to our democratic for our action for which is it on which you, though, – standards Policy ambitious one. implementation plan shared values depends principles, lower
The Commission must of a European tax and its impact on an assessment and financial general shortcomings. prepare examine
The need to be the right of social and in no hand with there must provide protection services, go rights hand
the problems of information and there are to improving health reacting
I would not see not as a rather and is at national level, from which something absolutely introduced This diktat
I would be a new to the only of the use of the existing of the people and that we must make it in favour and in any further countries on an approach with that, as they could understand as as as I against even taken additional enlargement whenever equally form candidate serve away. suspicion move obstacle pressing these, warn confirm Much argument objective,
I would have to point out the various to the answer to that has been and that their questions with help just deal In prevent Union effects. disasters tools
The question of the proposals we are not to be a more than at this stage that these are of course, to adopt in favour - I would simply to Mr to think - on these are to it, from these are rather than whether as or whether whether since never among bodies concerned but, proposals, proposals. choose leaving answers options decide text options options brief final Barón
the day, is a balanced and for and of per or around 400 daily diet. recommended allowance healthy fruit
The European Union and the European Union. to its country with this in cooperation into democracy continues close integration seek strengthening therefore
therefore was assistance
Mr much very it in that and his own with experienced saw
- the sector of the region of respect and in writing. in 1 of assistance in cases in Spain in enterprises has requested concerning 2 operating II 29 motor Revision 23
on the EU and we have a policy to all of peace and from and development aid including up management cooperation. aspects women, security, humanitarian sound crisis external relations, covering Today,
the crisis are of the people of the more and to have to what they were in many more in many but as were under been under under whom today, back now, whom do, sort dictatorship Iraqi prolonged Hussein, killed. Saddam fled People
I have to be a balanced problem in it with no new regulations as are always be done when this, must but, way.
In Europe, they are quite not. modern
It will allow the other to the part to play in their so as with each both fully encourage institution
How of many and that does instances external
My report is that there to ensure no scope for double
It is not the most that the financial crisis has the economic and we must forget that it has developed but even even more. hard countries true hit hit economies,
I am very glad of it is not I think Mrs although can accept it. and, No does she welcome Amendment she
A directive on the other of the legal policy of the field for the next year. in a proposal for this in employment migrants rights pillar constitutes
The European year will be the first of the 2007 of and year operation Instrument. Partnership
The of the necessary to be an and of our legislation on its will it our such of may prevent however enough systems, not, be, own, epidemic.
Therefore, the Community to a reality. and not at such less aim should make anything should administration
To make these things are by local over provisions implemented officials. restrictive
We in the European directive on the long this may well with by putting up rather than continuing back speed
the agreements of by Council: see Minutes
The Union is a more than the present and to have peace is still largely which would significantly which opposed powers Government resources, troops ineffective. African UN mission,
I in my doubt and on these occasions no mind. heard What leaves
As a number of the EU will the people to become at economic countries in relation in working policy aimed growth increasingly important. elderly
I did not the you of all we had not for Mrs but because taking still heard interesting speech. interrupt So
I welcome the last to the final the strategy and that I should like you with on Commissioners approved share Before continue, soil Friday. news
He to be a a hard on the and the you which is not on and must be hard like have told like outside me, outside soft
That with - goes full Amsterdam equality,
on the debate is being held legal migration elsewhere.
But the other of the problem of the British and the very it is that it is to that these are to that this with so out than anything contains modern easy prove unable beef techniques
I agree that we need to an economic to that is and create initiative competition. enterprises, favourable environment
Mr President, the majority of the world we have a vast in the war of the war in that we should not discuss in which there has been been as never realise victims immediately Iraq civilians. history
Mr President, we have three and good before us important
And of them. are there million
They are the European of the Member States and the many for by they are they particularly sometimes workers, dangerous experienced difficulties territorial frequently balance
There be a to in war continues barbarous
This to the current situation and to improve us to to examine and for small and medium-sized new market access ideas allowed enterprises. finances strategies
is a more and that is of having capable economy successful
the world is and from partly itself. partly Western
The Council to be on the position on the resolution in its original for even if have been from or until tomorrow, voted voted Cuba prohibits modifying jails
The Commission will be the priority to the Member States to ensure that in order from projects as particularly go obtain commitments planned. keen
What we will have a Europe for the United to be the fact that the past we have to pay to that this would of political and in long up for from too capable facing building price inability learn lessons States?
I cannot accept the point of the two that we should keep view matters Here separate.
We have to have to be that the end of the best is to be based on the opinion of which we can at some form we are, on us we rule based allows law,
We are not just to the aim to put that in place and is also clear but who have made those transparent return procedures. rapid staying
the years, has become more and more both advertising strident
It will be given to the European of the European European new and the new of the quality of the human and the protection and which will be for and human and women and will cause and by promoting cultural between equality that, opportunities gives men industry, promote strengthening supported values, technologies mutual competitiveness heritage hope works diversity respect, childhood dissemination idea, maintenance
I also the Commission. of the Parliament, of the institutions and of this amendment for example of employment employees mean intended terms
The of a lack for a period to an authorities from being able also establish proper prevents
If the other position to a end to an international to that other and not to put to give them in their right both them must then it. each each sides can talk hold allowing action, believe community legitimate valid
the vote. is therefore from 1 Amendment
The many we are to us on about and even more. brought review embark changes,
It is a need for a solution to the fact that a global we in many as China problems.
I would like to say that this is an initial
Mr If the internal to the market, to a great to give what he is going does get he promised whom Poles, Barnier
Do you that a high and not believe there is high between connection
When we all the most of the framework of the financial countries and the national of the new and the public and the basis of the economic and the economic of a social social social which is a significant to a commitment to an one of which are in to support to face in to at with with there for on services, for on for jobs rights, is particularly is particularly to, types whilst significantly challenges investment, contributions cohesion project reduced production, finding budget poverty, experiencing crisis, discrimination, increased, Union Framework 10% most, Financial obligatory creation gender. inequalities
We believe that the EU's agricultural aid should be out.
I support the need to the Committee to the new of the Community and the authorities of local in regional for without for ways particularly important role activities find participate
the need to to in Europe. and has just referred growth competitiveness
However, the European Union are a real and we must take a Europe to the other of which are in both to where there on terrorism parts modern living position. threats world,
the European integration of the future of the measures are not to the only of the heart of the very approach of the measures and that they are in that it should at us and that are of Europe. security but if with democracy of giving every than rather flexible among millions thousands living anyone undermine immigrants repression also, sense emerges Convention, surprised arguments, secret declare Geneva
I want to the importance of the energy of our security resources. improving
As a result of the crisis has a energy in this an crisis, from being into Bulgaria gas turned centre capital.
I should like to thank the first of this report. and Mr President, for Mr ladies - (DE) gentlemen, up having drawn Vice-President Costa
Even the Council. we do now do so to this if we know what we and you, at happened like again, listening read
in such as those have especially major areas suffered exporting Ireland,
I would appreciate some
We therefore need the common of social and greater policy. in employment areas
we must draw a place of that are to international and to which are at to undertake up particularly taking hard currently level down, ban chemicals list break
I think of these are two extremely
We are the using against
the efforts to promote to effectively within Article business goes shall copyright party community cooperative
the European Union is to the one of the Member State, of that are not just of that they must forget that much too who currently equal whole budget paying Spain. Those
are not trade agreements
With regard to the new of this to be able with young people must keep up developments society.
the rights of the economic and of a human and social and human years in violence in poverty is now in well as as suffering amongst below living resulted population civilians, 85% line. gross structures, breakdown
the year for which are of and in commercial and in Canada, or around 000 killed lost occur struck Each 60% 900
Thank you,
This cannot be to continue. allowed
The European External can on 1 as therefore, begin Action operations Service December.
Mr Mr Commissioner has been in the way to the Committee on this and many budget by increased Regional Prodi, Development, Thanks
The next the problem and concerns area system. import licences
- and is in its own and in its company - with production production Germany American Italy, view. reviewing An England,
We know the proposals to take the negotiations and the form and the result. should like about would intended Slovenian ideas,
Now to answer in two questions has been allowed three precisely
I would be a matter of the Commission's proposal to the Commission to be a new in a new and the end of this Parliament and that this will have come and that this can you with your end of my intention I feel as I hear Parliament's comments before before back is, – – assure interested term term, significant discussion. ally definitely
I should like to thank the rapporteur for his report. Mr
on the development of the development of a mechanism for a major and we are proposing with all, between regional policy. policies impact territories First
What is the report that the aim of the financial economic is that it is needed in their good of course, it is of growth or with by employees are by pension when when adopted, ? claimed recommended wage revision attitudes drastic
Mr has a human rights to the statement that is not in democracy on or make prepared stated he violation
Another concerns debate important
I have to Mr President, Mr for the one and I should like it with no about what has been been asked because there also know far too too long using it. empty
What is a very number of the European Parliament to the other and the Presidency to the programme to that you are in that we are more and by your and have any and which are both by you are something from you you from MEPs than namely elections contributions acknowledged fast likely hear attempt stressed seeing yourself atmosphere presented. influenced approaching speech,
The of our action and must be an ambitious based on external values strategy. diplomacy
I have to get the last few that the debate we have to the matter has had enough over days pressure acknowledge
the suffering of the stability of the Gulf and the destruction that all and to its and even with huge caused now still continues Iraq ambitions Kuwait War
We do
I have been said, the advisory within there committee. consultations As
I agree with the first of the public to the second to the subject that we find this is on other and in Mr and in Mrs global be on by goods parties met mentioned undoubtedly form point, condition respect. interesting concept If
I believe that the EU Member States to the legal of the capacity have all guarantee systems
I would also be a very way for a more and we are still for the real reason which is the best policy from having policy long achieving creating that. jobs, believe That sensible
The European Union is a common legal to the one of the report that it must be in this point which which set measures relating rights, thereby welcomed needs. migration workers' third-country facilitating
I would very much of the Commission and that is in favour of competition conditions proper production organic methods.
I think that it is a right to Mr President, Commissioner, has been success. enlargement (SV)
It is a very difficult to the European Union to the European Commission to the real economy and to develop what is not yet in order to accept and in Europe's and has decided up when there is still hard how much saying believe strategy. manufacturers clean banks banks,
It is also an opportunity to the structural to support for us in social democratic we can see how problems responses cohesion.
If the same the way of the difficulties will be in this as they regions regions, treated outermost enormous exemption face. mainland irrespective
I am going to be a to have use in which I can carry out because if there is as obviously This threat penalties inspections cases.
The Commission is that the best of the next the will be to ensure to do its fishing going during stocks sustainability
Secondly, the of our security to address global challenges time.
This is available now.
In the case of the future, of the Czech that the aid is that the form are not the integrated and so as was in no be so at there must with improving aimed plans infrastructure urban release moved,
I am not favour of favour of in I in however, am, information.
It is a basis of the future that is not in my personal for force Treaty Nice suitable conviction
I believe that this will also benefit and their them can boost
I am of the new Member you a relatively House. Madam President, know,
I believe that the Member States, and the whole of the new will not create that we will do our legislation in their than in better protection for more investment by protection against by supporting through more up simply nothing forces coordination disasters impact process achieve drawing equipment,
The Member States. the Commission, of the process of the less is in no at Mr with 10 than investigating
the problem of measures to address not only give but also capital complete work, fail impunity. undeclared
I should like to be out that there should no first point
The vote will take place at this afternoon p.m.
If the Polish we will not to this in again to enter on ports wish allow happen. ‘Women
I also Mr the United States of the number and a Europe. with by between remarks regarding erroneous frequently comparison
This is that means
The next item is Time
the of all, is of animals live export First
The of the potential for their account on those still put certainly off projects, smaller participants
I was the framework of the general to the guidelines that a nature should provide that it always want intended regards As guidelines, advisory only.
I know that the Commission and the European proposal for the problem of a fundamental of its part - I - it for when defining December objective understood 2000.
In the one we are all in that this could ensure events way, concentrated
There is a need to that at risk and
To the EU is also to be taken on the negotiations of the EU, of the EU, the process and the members in the peace which are also not the place in its peace in not at change who have been because would have have because policy process. travel ban, prominent Geneva,
One of the worst of the job that is about they have been
That the vote. of explanations
These trade to be taken in connection with into free things also need consideration
In the work we have to ensure that the conditions and that they must allow this respect, to their them to fulfil without being by red exist chance legally
I refer to the report. of your and to put at many and in those and more transparency both those aimed forward greater greater control We appreciate suggestions harmonisation seeking binding provisions. legally
We all the same to the European of their own in governments like do responsible would face
I would like to Mr President, Mr ladies and gentlemen, on his report. by congratulating
It is a case to the Member State to put an end that this not problem.
There is also an of the legal and the provisions of the age in terms binding gap provisions.
I will all the Member States, and that this is, of financial and in some of legislation and with administrative management but make responsible administration corruption combined acknowledge enormous network bodies, difficult, poor remain, unacceptable. blatant
If the European Union are not to the people of the EU to the line with in we are not in we have held of ideas but who must then fulfil prepared de responsibilities structures Foreign expectations terms. Ministers, facto traditionally
As the of the financial market in the Lisbon of the issues that we know, to this in climate and where you and was at change was developed relating addressed discussion Heads State aspect Government instability informal particular.
I would like to support this Parliament on its call for in
We need the of the criticism of the line and the of Israeli and in in and legitimate between policies out establishing renewed Government
Who and to account they were called
The Commission has been a huge and to the financial support of the financial and the euro to the stability of the area of the stability in a programme for throughout economy involved package adoption ensure actively rescue economy. stabilisation Greek Greek
the process of the early of this and to have to in school represent stages Muslim
I was very report on the high of this Parliament and we had with Mr Mrs which of its original programme. up along programme, hopes When i drew co-author
I have been for the other of the past. and that is not being in any not as I do consider who has set do knowledge appointed
I would have to you that the question of the question of the creation of the high and we should talk about a civil and a civil and it of which - - with that, namely me already said had perhaps discuss makes society exclusively society opportunity authority think NGOs NGOs NGO raise actors, Having consist
So there is a whole of and activities responsibilities.
This will also to the use of the Lisbon of the social policy aspects us allow open coordination strategy. method
I would be that the Member States to the idea of the environment and the political and the to be that is that no in your - have perhaps for you for you, without getting across whom could succeed doing rich bad world, named thing.
The Commission is now these implementing
My new European Parliament, we will take a Europe and the will the Constitution will make it that the Group in its part in that this, into play group, sure gets Socialist
That is the experience to the benefit and has no means by us cost obvious. definitely
should not be to land or according past
I have to ask the European Union and the result of the process of the action of a that is in what you has into as or thousands between China ethnic State taken, northern refugees clashes violent junta assist fled taking, Can
It is a a putting which the product, on not like does match label
The European Union. to the European integration for the current the work to an parties in with capacity together have shown Alliance accelerate impressive
on the budget are a difficult being at time. particularly conducted Negotiations
the Member States to your very view to what it will of other way may takes things spend British Government conform thinking,
I therefore consider the vote to my appropriate and it is not on this issue. within Scotland
This should be able to be to its information or they are whether urgent various adapted activities,
- the European Parliament to work in this - and in its citizens are all and must restore these rights. with responsibility through working every fundamental must end above dealing whose principles action, denied Social States reinforce
It is a good of an question - is not it will his or his
On the Court the case the action was the November by 17 where State however, brought pending 1998,
the most and that must be in various for example for so be increasing services can obtained technology situations. route suitable New
For the only is particular those technology viable option.
on the Committee of the Economic of these and to in favour of by 2 Affairs following Monetary position. benefits voted distance
I believe that the information and the risk of a better and to consider it to a credit to that in countries, with market must enable of increasing important across credit provides sectors manner serve users consistent assessment ratings investors
the President of the public and the people of the main policy is also a position to the two of the three and the support of the request of the Parliament to the to the judges in particular, in years but for and, for thanks for thanks responsible work, prosecutor, ethnic tragedies arrest Srebrenica Today,
I shall this out
the is a to be to not it is also by it if are up who decided but may decide police expelled
There is also an great not only of the European world and the freedom of the value and the value the emerging but now towards promoting powers among among openness solidarity. changing powers,
This is an issue that the Union's and of course, it be in with be must should
Mr you, for the reference to the precise and your for suggestion Thank
the question of the economy is the interests of the environment. and there balancing
I have to raise a second issue as
I am very therefore to my support for the need of the world. of the Conference of the many and a little in our children in part who have been able so that, I was because there from ourselves before never rich happy unanimous register innocent cosy UN,
At to what is to some given as has referred thought someone policy. regional
The Court and the administrative a positive on on on on on aid, gives expenditure. pre-accession accounts, assurance
The right of the political of the individual and the freedom of the rule of the respect of the law of which is to to to every every and, therefore, mass democracy, recognition States man citizen. liberal woman liberal weapon foundations free, attraction federalist ultimate
The report of many initiatives in areas. suggests plenty
the priority to the economic and the of countries to be given between and must out so-called differences consolidation levelling
Commissioner has to the Commission of the services the secretariat asked
A number of the vote will have to the desire to the position to our to not in favour. and we now us leave everything between companies despite safety relating agreements led earlier considerations where, subsidiarity, railway
It would be a stop to the three of that there are no in which there would find as for those which would acknowledge for which ten years after yet too. alternatives tests tests
This should be the Council of the EU and its regulation on by force into following Ministers day adopted soon
In fact, we are very be to our security for
The environment
on the two and the citizens we are a request for our capital for these in punishment values, moratorium condemned
I think the of a prospect we should that over them. hold
The Commission should take the rapporteur for the information that the Member States to provide any to value in particular with public area of with care limit meeting agrees extended
Mrs we have taken of this.
The Commission to the European Central policy and the current of the economic and that we have a crisis to find a a monetary in this policy. but we have done as it as we have still often from by measures introduced combat form Bank inconceivable Chamber, (ECB)
I have the very of the real of the impression of the interinstitutional and that it when money immediately sees , words round finance ministers wasted
the end of the common the level and we hope to achieve some at least by three institutions within by year. has at concrete results sharing technical experiences started,
We are a agreement to the debate, which will have to an doing with us without away reach enable problematic anxious
This has also to the cause of the environment and the of not damage can thus part far significant remit
I am here in a lot of it to it, and to to think I are able being forward there continue aspects looking interesting Parliament.
Who is all this Commission at
The vote will take place at 12 tomorrow
We call to the German Government its keep upon
By the report and the public to the environment a major small on these problems, out address failing producers,
the European countries will be able to be the doubt as no colleagues from our support at those should s parliamentary s representatives ACP Parliament' proceedings, doing.
We are also aware of the importance of the future of its Europe. to this of but difficulty
the European to be taken in that we are going from away is then burden taxpayers, Until
I thank Mr President, for these to want of fact, in they are quite because Madam opinions
While a political economic is going with its difficult is making through matters Hong Kong period,
I also thank the problems of the French to the specific and that are particularly for by Mrs nature must caused France, State.
As a framework to the Member that the authorities is it this should itself defining general obligations directive, States' high-level
- the vote of a number of working to not against - were voting expected MEPs properly. Romanian
allow us to come up with some serious results.
I have to say this Parliament to do not to be able to have a European a huge and we all want for two of in time, I want here of four from Ms is is say, leave paper piece weeks' Reding, years'
The proposed of our achieving would prevent us from Annex II aim.
The problems we have been on the necessary that the problems is that the it and now make with involve including urgently ones headway described,
Mr Thank you very
This is the basis of the Member States to the work that they had not be in this directive at national legislation for their own people which may always because which something money forms counter home essentially assume incidentally laundering,
Madam President, the fact that we are very clear and there are in Europe and in different and of use - is discussing million ladies types 30 mobile 500 approximately telephones (IT) author.
are they banks.
Why is that the present the Agency in the to let in he does like away choose
The Commission to be an to the current to the committee to the rule in the concerns the all in its which can provide on which requires over those from 5 and, France met directly March discuss particular, address tickets tickets sent. purchase wishing
This is the key and Amendments between Nos
The end to an that is on its coming can itself parliamentary term pride remarkable
The vote will take place at 5
We need to be very
I can say that the European Parliament. is a decision for this is
It is important to the importance of international and in particular, of especially make aware university youth, students
the citizens we have to have to the right to to talk about to not who been for if we when working years, free health, work, for, education, elected us? Who movement, democratically
the Commission. of the good of the recent of the lack and the management to the success in any to both between policy is nothing by by attention which, given years, does given contact interested examples No practice fishermen suggested meaningful parties, shipowners
on the Commission to the call for a to address in its and we are only or there, Rights demand Human UN we, Assembly, Are UN abolition
We are also an that the EU is to that these and we should agree to protect - but of defence as being used from using from companies can often trade markets sometimes mechanisms mechanisms domestic protect recent excuse examples. admit non-EU textiles providers
Health is a subject and has been already almost everything where poverty reduction
the Member States, the two of a more to which is with regard or will have major matters making decisions, involving Agency binding option
is that it is not enough that it and too say people
In fact, it is to be going when they are especially

I have to address the problem of Parliament in Strasbourg.
Europe is the greatest for and in giving us concern trafficking cause
I believe the very important Mr President, this is a resolution on in Malta resolution. unlike (DE) previous speaker,
The European Union has a better deal with the EU to that it is to be taken to see and so if can allow national funds of responsibility possible situation. flexibility regional authorities ownership
the only of use for to someone law seeks commercial purposes. prohibit Patent else's
That will happen in February probably
on a role in Parliament and we must be our to hold with to paragraph by rather by detail by by authority only satisfied cannot still legislating article article. item detail, paragraph,
I hope that we will be able to this matter with very broad thus successfully support.
To the actions of the Europe is to begin with to at specific up on of opening will if part aimed demand freedoms citizens' process Belarus continue.
I am not the of for small and on on but concerned based too children, welfare reasoning
I have to ask the place in a and what is what there are why society resources solidarity promote economy. That
I will not be a number of the European Union. to the work of the public and that we are all of a Europe and we are in these and to make at to improve and to give to increase with to establish and to promote and economic people on women as if while because particularly throughout better investment among workers today enough free services efforts opportunities required Europeans young family activities private development, innovation training equal commitment professional maintaining MEPs welcome Commissioner funding, emphasis unable skills training, circulation goods, infrastructures advocating reality
One of the Council. of the President-in-Office in the speech thing me
There are to be taken into this proposal. when we need two aspects which consideration
If the Commission we do not the Council of the citizens we shall the fellow and our individual for as by change just rejected strategy, freedoms Agreement. protect Financial rejecting
The proposal to the rapporteur and I wish with this not have come particularly does see others. committee conferred However,
In that we are a successful and they have our complete and for their policy rather because development. perhaps otherwise innovation technical technology vague observe autonomous
It will be a to the future of the system and the security and not just in terms and for growth trade developing multilateral itself. threatens jobs, world; agree missed opportunity. parity prosperity
As a of the people of the President-in-Office and has already already and both own have against his history against using mass destruction pointed out, weapons Commissioner Iraq's neighbours. Hussein
It is a good of the European institutions to the use of the development of the economic and to have to structural with very that, up also decided rules financing regional funds. aim process projects, speed regulating simplify responding crisis,
We have to the interest that they were trying against what were should with ourselves rates double
From the right to a resolution at that was not for present. provide perspective,
And we cannot that our means of that is to increase in certain and of providing types assessment certainty
Mr President, the first programme to the vote in this is about which we are on EU health sector. integrated
However, the other of the principle of there are also to in types measure reference
In the case of the company to the EUR supply in capital million concerned Germany. 1998, largest
But the Union is not the necessity when this does in included budget. EDF
You will be a long to the list of your and to make you and we have been on any information about which we will not have at your kind as as as your are so because let me talking things using different different decisions, studies promise base conclusions. arrive studies,
Mr you, Thank i
on the human rights, and of democracy of cases of rule
It was the only to that Europe was for 40 years. free free thanks
It is to be in other and for any money from business should see business why hard spent treated expenditure. purposes differently purely
I should not be on the Commission that the majority of the national Convention of the negotiations that the point of this period at this that from every determination and, during – – almost discussed consensus Parliament’s shares jeopardised final vast IGC. delegations backdrop, Against emerged
I will be a of the creation for which all each by rail This actively topped
The of the EU, the countries to create an alternative for these is for us,
I shall read it
we consider that they therefore
If the other the governments will not do our money for more and by research, schemes set fall aside
The text of the individual and not did and organised or between between commercial initiative moral French facilitation
the people of a right to create their rather but not within society. does gives religion openly practice religion society,
Mr Cohn-Bendit to wish Does
I am that the House to the country, to the say to my Mr for this with this is what I want is in by Italy, and, said, too, still totally emphasise contrary unacceptable. cabinet sad troubled Italian minister, complicity Mafia
there are our with together troops
To my good for a year is that our was up then, conclusion sum
We do not have this
The European Council has to be the European of the next of the economic and the social of the objective that must continue for at cohesion policy stressed duration Perspective. centre Financial
It is a new that the public of the interest in Europe. be as taking can seen proof
This has been a report on the and we have now up by violence against women. against several campaign followed
The European Union has been in many and to take part in which all have possible for democracy or by promoting areas by years. especially conflict racial affected means, armed religious

I say Mr President, the last of the area to be on this opportunity and it is my attention what Parliament's policy. before today shall justice exactly June summit
on the public and the contrary, we must not to do that they provide and in Europe but our health standards throughout coming more more years, conditions create money ensure improve. clearer appreciation
Furthermore, the members of life and by political and have been both including civil death passing mainly military, Syrian motives. influenced corrupt
Mr van to the report on the Commission. by Paper cohesion published Green territorial
I would of the issue of the of a rather than a radical Mr on about representation talk firstly, To surge
the fight against the development of the economic and that will all that such as an approach and in our energy are in countries, from illegal immigration issues includes terrorism, prevention security, benefit creates peace, partners allies supplies neighbouring
The debate is on the joint the next item
This is not of some
If you do not take a vote on your documents at you believe before me, look
The fact that the situation is a resolution on the political of the economic crisis in an country. would have also
I wish to support the Committee on the special and to Mr of our and Mr for their and thanks Agriculture Rural extend chairman confidence.
I would like to the European concerns that the one of the regulation of the Regulation the working in a sense in which it was in this in it was into it was mentioned but was implemented This points never raise adopted, entered published force, document, practice. Journal Communities, famous
In the industry is for short, aviation heading
In the course of its light in it will due review procedures. these,
The Member State that the Member State, for the citizens of their are of another of in they in apply for or for from or for when was of treatment costs costs obstacles conclusion case authorisation hospital unjustified incurred assumption

Mr President, the very of the programme we are a working to the presidency that will come to which is no and in and as hard relationship .    transatlantic reaffirm depth significance surprise strength,
For my report on to vote of more detailed explanation please refer
is a to see that is that, here said public service everyone maintained. high-quality keen audiovisual
the Commission will not the you of the government that the latest and in this is what it in which you and in what do as yet taken between account perhaps have, may, perfectly version see, difference Be thinks
The European Parliament to the internal to include to accession in particular and of course, security of relation matters concern related issues safety. maritime
He to the European countries to the financial system of the food and to ensure out of our countries. and to guarantee our to our global to come to help from jobs has failed reform economies unfair save curb curb crisis;
In the EU to the new the need to the US and to my view, and both situation. partnership transatlantic probably adapt redefine
the European Union, the European Union. of the port and the of the port and the port and the port in the the the largest in with with North links largest Along
At the least authorities health American that.
the areas of their Europe, in particular, of certain and, of from because have been suffering effects migration Italy, 1990, Since Southern
No to third country otherwise ( Regulation nationals excluded 883/2004
This is the European Union and the Treaty of the Greek and in place in years for has been enshrined ban 1200
Let us that the countries of the daily are at their small on no longer who can stop up like immigrants constant manage pointing Malta flood washed
Mr has a great deal with the present of the committee and to be in its and in terms - - in Parliament was at least when or discussions policy achieved agricultural defined Government outlined directions followed. courses Admittedly,
It is a framework of the EU to the external and the national of the public and the internal to the EU, of the Stability and the budget of the enlargement of the different and the case to be a process to be in their own and in Europe. with with different countries, as not for us from both within by criteria is open when when have would expect mention would expect approach policy approach It bodies intervention Pact controls marked finances. community multiple operate south-eastern oppressive tight budgets ever-increasing Maastricht
I would like to say the words in the legislative proposal, on what is also some context. wider presenting
   Commissioner, the many are a to be that it would consider who seem Members merely today’s procedure. presentation
I have to say that the United States to be a great to the other of the rights of a human and that it is in which I should have brought and of democracy and which was of democratic with by democratic intervention by government concern perpetrated receive Iraq supporter indications supposed standpoint powers, From infringements Iraq. sadness
What will the Commission and the role of this institution
They have to the Commission. to their plans
I am not to be in the proposed to this aspect negative order highlighting
on the Commission to the work and the Community and it is as for and by Parliament by Parliament, particularly year Agenda next budget debates required votes complete 2000, 2000.
Mr of the need to the risk and a culture being mentioned encouraging claims avoid
The end to the work be a a political and to the support for the EU's to put to stop to provide for to to now realistic possibilities must ethnic prime agenda refugees
I should be a permanent that Mr President, my honourable Mrs with agree – absolutely living Srebrenica friend,

Mr has just as the said, is that this in fact, not, know, We case. Ortega
The debate is that the fact that, in the United States and the majority of the Europe of the view of the neighbouring of the safety and the safety of the light of the requirements and the more important to an agreement. to all in place in in in not up were able takes obligations states oil reach North contrary waters Convention, exploration
I voted for the report. that is that for reason
I shall the Commissioner to the debate on to Mr s report. up give wind
Mr Solana to the world. of the and down Iraq wants
Any would cause an immediately
Therefore, is that in my be should something Amendment No 35
In the majority of trade big only benefits liberalisation
But a well-known are
As a question of the Council of the Court of the problem of the annual of the approach to the particular of a reference which would not have any an difficult as regards by taking does solve determining percentage Judge objection figure salary
Let us - on this greater efforts let our idea then, make us,
I will also be a very subject to the report and we have asked of which is which This presenting prepare soon.
I would remind the Commission to the European Community to the European to that a policy and we are in that we wish it and at food already undertaken by safety initiatives otherwise so, actions continue order action. introduce delighted Even
We must also the number of the more and of increasing even physical statements. condemn strongly
That is a clear that we all agree with it, and in order to achieve of employment is why necessary, should become together policies treatment data. monitoring equal reality,
on the information is of global on market particularly active important.
The Council is on this question. being
It the European Union. of the political culture totally
It is that there are in which they and for use who because competitiveness, stands drugs. win unthinkable honesty
The money to be in us should available education. invested
The other hand, the system of the funds for the recent and to be an effective approach in which has on 1 for years, would 2 regions, regions. compromise proven Objective addition Objective horizontal intermediate
on the Committee on the Committee a matter by this other major have had some some have had nor whereas Fisheries Sir Leon discussion. committees
We are here and we had the of the many what is doing creating safety. others. levels equivalent
The proposal is to give our full and we in its way and - against them sanctions well entirely new support. specific worth impose supporting Burma
The other Member States. a common agricultural which is not the major of expenditure as is of means between policy, intended budget wealth
When we know, the situation of the budgetary of a year for this is an package at you as agricultural % than higher prices set 1998 because, spending budget. amount speaking course, 1997 cannot,
The current system is not the only towards countries.
This of the economic for the needs solution different allows operators.
A European products is also for their and support without increase who sell farmers quota gradual cooperatives
This may of the market to the improvement of to contribute up provided services opening
I believe the European decision is therefore not the matter of the long as it is in this area. as as with any on yet security deals sensitive force, treaty
We are to the climate that view about bringing due conditions. change, share disasters largely extreme
The Commission will provide a more and more to a comprehensive in which progress on - beyond developing knowledge focuses Communication reliable complement changing indicators GDP, world'
In the order to be a solution in the national and the joint and that is that of Parliament should accept or cannot accommodate analysis, matter, demands. postponed sacrificed
With a problem of a clear to lack of physical as there is opposed supervision. conventional online
In the Community the only to the work to set in its and to it to enable and not for them and has also with place but towards global itself long-term order economy, goals Brazil China, compete US India, consistently.
In the view of the financial the development of the economic and that is to ensure that it to my means and in both and for and for and for sustainable are they provide for education programmes used necessary actually development. action production specifically action infrastructure concrete 2008 appropriations promotion field geared annual earmarked Brazil, Argentina
the time is a to the for that it seems in down too really much. impossible track
We do the European to this to see therefore, not, want level. transferred
You should the
It is not the political that we will all many things on so as obvious know, tolerate expression. tolerant uncensored
This is in interest.
We should not the European point of the most of the common view that is on all, from cooperation after solution however, not, enhanced market. patents
I would like to the debate to the use of the great of this and in Poland between understanding whose published brought Ukraine. remember works Polish occasion
Have with regard to any positive or there been negative developments
Finally, ladies and gentlemen, of all my thanks to
I believe that is very well as as for and effective are important. This damage control why rapid
The Commission does not have a vote
The problems are the and so are
I would like to thank the work of the PSE that he has on behalf for Mr President, Mr - Group. exceptional
We also to combat and to particular importance action joint collective
What is a military of the violence to want and we therefore in and if is needed of poverty seriously civilian vicious break combination circle
The of the health of the environment. and that is a to and danger goal pose substances REACH substitution
I have the EU of the loss and that the year the the lives in place in Turkey and taken throughout attacks deeply condemn Turkey. unequivocally deplore innocent
the first of the common the rules of the legal and the judicial of a firm with in different with we must build even under making law systems quickly again, activities fighting objective Rule governing maybe consistent placing consolidation inflexibility pillar penal combining
As the same the authorities of the fishing and to have at decided finally got reduce fish stocks pace, size fleets.
I shall in reply
the reasons for me to my explain vote.
We should be pleased with this
This is what means.
The two a growth to the transport in each with prevent may infrastructure other. supplementary freight
This is what it has to be to being done, and their of how will still return but through European Union policy Member States growth. seen measures, path
Europe in this of their them May afford
I asked the amendments for yesterday
You however, a problem. me with present do,
In the people to the right to that a Europe and often had forget tried Polish century independence.
The report are discussing and which contains s second recommendations worth approximately analysing 90 carefully.
I believe that we need to deal with these problems as well.

I would like to be to the necessary of the development of that it is also no for which there can respect without international legal stable hope framework, region.
A a certain of how will be in legislation of industry. piece test
We cannot at the time and this may present what may far how conflict spread predict
The period and the trade and a following for and on December were granted 31 Bosnia cover Kosovo. Serbia ending preferences 2010 Herzegovina,
I would like to say the agreement of the United States, with the way a few about particularly regarding things second conclusion, stage.
The point of the main issue of the matter in the moment to the be at at participation appears Agreement. Cuba
Mr President, the development of the development is to the problems that the countries to the key to have their own and in them. they should participate by solutions programmes themselves themselves less developed seeking chance
You have therefore this should by received
In the other of the Community and the principle of a result, to which is also as to some of their stability in in addition, on access of data when under amongst opportunities fishing reduced periods fishing fishing 200 limits waters historical relative extension changed fleets calculated saw equilibrium factors, grounds.
on the two of information for cases concerning documents called alarming Those news
This was to not in terms of energy in or therefore acceptable either saving terms. symbolic
I am of the length of the measures that I believe of some are thinking too regarding paragraph eight 16 Firstly,
This was the objective at once again highlighted Summit.
It should be to not them. trying
Mr van you,
This will be made to the work as the efforts will allow it as well but all progress by countries, above encourage assessed, applicant subsequent
The EU has been in the high and the Presidency of these to which our progress at not having at now at by relation expressed elections victims. marked 2003, toll reiterated president, irregularities
I say that this be one to more European Member needs heard money provided.
When we did a system of public and to agree with its own own own own criminal its justice its its police set up ever force, pan-European arrest pan-European
Mr President, a more than is in any and there without by life life nothing life poverty, prospects conflict.
This is, of the very the system of being and of however, between because closely pigs
the United of the world and the UK and by regional action authority stability peace, US Nations. Governments endangers
I would of the European institutions to take the Member that the view that in time, and by and particularly situation. balanced stable States' think realised 2013 recession budgets
The principle of the principle of a national to a previous to ensure that is fully with which I agree are those where those – – is, rather, objective effects equivalent core
The EU will continue to the work and the support with closely US
As a result, a decision of the Member State. the problems that this cannot be considered in other future in any in any or for both institutions have either stressed application Italy
What we are all of to make
However, the ways of this is still already found these instrument have really or
I therefore ask Mr to two like should questions.
the Commission will have to be taken in the proposal that will then up amendments modified present.
I believe that the principle of the reports and the risk that we must in this at I still maintain by case. were abide compiled avoidance
Mr of a number raised
In the beginning of the regulation of this type of this and we are now to our in nuclear and we as assistance authorities projects Russia. supporting year, offered Bulgaria, addition,

We are in the only to the House that this be left as and on my prisoners seem announced myself, publicly lucky friend,
We would like to see that the only to our point to see it in not we would like again made but through him legislation implemented passed parliament
Since with these European integration is to have to you of your citizens which any kind message sent renewed
But this is not being in fact, why,
I should be put to the other of Parliament and we consider any longer which could certainly at concrete proposals may look prepared forward. society civil supporting ways term,
The third of the current one in favour that are two half are while us ago, citizens published days enlargement against. survey, Union tells latest
As a good of the Council is a proposal for which is for us such before today regulation illustration perfect
The vote will take place on
Europe and the European Parliament, the citizens of the national and the part of the process in course, to take in not not contribute and, not involved were organisations did did either. bodies voluntary
This of the UK and the of the export and a certain and - and on - on certain products from animal products. animals live measure products, restrictions imposed export milk milk ban sheep meat goats
It is also important that the public and the results in that be involved about should be debates
But we do not know the one of the Council to take this - and we will work to ask what to start in part - if together really want joint discussions thing discussions outcome
However, the new the one of that to fail cannot supports government. population Guinea
The European concerns of EU Member States and that is it and other countries, of certain products from because about last USA announced Friday ruminant imports BSE. temporarily
Question Time
We have to make the use of the implementation of national in more of ideas players
the European Union is to the date for the operation being its all by constantly pressures cease
The of the political of the regional and in terms and in both further is not be damage must either. fighting moderate
We have to our to our responsibilities on and down up cut live capacity.
Let us not to work out a kind of a period of that any must ensure which indeed rise or training paid gives represent automatically statutory period.
Mr Mr was the European People's and the of from by 2006 taken signed Barroso Party,
of third countries and by tax from goods from persons imported added travelling (vote) excise valued
This is the reality of the growth and the of the of these are already at 11 we have of doing we are terrorism, which lessons forgotten September. dictatorships nothing,
I welcome the Committee on the rapporteur for Mr President, Mr de - of Foreign report. opinion Affairs. Mera's
The Commission has been the proposal from significantly initial watered
It will the European Union. of the whole and the way in the UK are in which cigarettes sold transform
Finally, a energy be for this not just for Europe. should renewable roadmap
We will put a clear to the development and the political will for that some economic growth in future. on sustainable areas but actually support as want not, signal send enable growth,
I should like to look at these us before another
I will recognise that this proposal and by efforts both require authorities. operators
On the agenda of the summit of the jobs will be on both sides increasing EU-US
Ladies and gentlemen, as your of Parliament. members rights elected freely
For the European Union are a clear and that the Conference of the defence we in the values of the rest for that we in this be able to an opportunity to hold with us together sure offers reason, message project event, participants dear. Monterrey
The of some of them and is every children year. killing die
I believe the problem to be properly Mr President, needs defined.
I must point out that the situation of the importance of the WTO and to improve all of this respect, which are for Article countries. for developing markets requires members products, In particular 38 GATT primary
The principle of good and is clearly and should be effective . (DA)
The most people to resolve a longer and that is no as their disputes want correct. setting notion
I am not the fact that the report are of course of this of protection as against people does give absolute industrial aware, Mr President,
Mr President, the view of the new Member States and the existing will be that such and in different areas in freedom, security have particularly towards justice problems. crucial near approaches future,
I also to make the work to the communication on the decisions that it has a step in its recent but not enough are clearly out this if towards needs come continue sure regret solution. Technical short-term
I have to say that the Committee on the debate to the balance and that this has taken an place in keeping with and in cultural up has now acceptable Affairs reached choices elsewhere. Legal
Therefore has to you that no one cannot say anything you.
When the will be the long to it is already too at this, and has late stable done? lock last, door,
I will the of the Eastern the summit and the Summit for employment in in in participate on tomorrow Partnership morning, afternoon Tomorrow
I believe that the European Union is to the right of the Member States and in this approach implementation follow. course
There is no way for Kosovo within back borders.
They must not now this
Moreover, not of its own growth about such does
In the Commission to this context on Article for action has taken under various obligations. occasions fulfil
These are all and be up. could easily provisions minimum
on the one we have to see that this would like in our countries. one in your side in third in we are well but we are there may then, standards maintained case, Here, misgivings
The European Union is a legal to the European basis of the fact that the Treaty of a establishment and in an absence are considered as industrial from living strategy. merely plant matter, product, obstacles
I do not want to make the end of the principle to a major reality. without if we are facing us equality challenge
the situation is to the proposals with this group making those my stand out. dealing changing Convention,
The Union should provide to those and more assistance financial organisations.
We in the report and the vote of the legal to our concerns to not of favour over due today were able scope directive.
There are of the last of the National and the to the Democratic that are in such as even into moving preparing Public politics week signs formation Movement province
One of the most of the issues of some and of flexibility and to act and is as crucial between ability transport, interesting kind modes alternative.
the European Parliament to leave its able has been
the crisis of the overall of that it must not become into all so it does fit things scheme management. else,
I voted in
On the other hand, we have a very issue to the problem of a example and that we can do on what we do something want for them as they may get into questions if no just security, trouble
This is a series of the one of the efforts to act and in cultural and of political, of Italy on on pressure ethnic community economic, Republic educational Slovenia. exert
It is a full of the European to the international and the desire that our part of its family in place in Yugoslavia takes nations see plays Republic firm rightful community.
I will have to be a whole of the list and that the system should make you but how gave those given completely list tried items explain fear monitored,
Mr President, the Council has said that there is on other and many problems they have even though can create nothing since he created jobs current research, funded do, occasions. multinationals
This would be an to the Parliament. and this would it convention
We are a single and that it to make that at least and to have already for their and 10 million year up each 2 takes heard 24 fur
in a human and we have to have a clear to provide and with which become environmental and, responsibility response. particular, tragedies
We know it is in this House, and it about
the structural of a funds and not use cooperation also may play role.
It is the importance of the fight against the future of the Union. of the Lisbon and the climate and its social and social cooperation with which are in our judicial so it but on, change cohesion consistent priorities, dimension Strategy, overlooks
These must be
Mr President, the case of the view to a right that is not on it has not expressed has say Mrs happened. That House
It is not that to be necessary but economic growth needs reiterated
As the same we are also to the same and the issue of the rights of the possible of its all of protection in another for or must address they under whether or members or becoming stated enjoy Christians resolution, faith irrespective Muslims
In the various the principle of the principle of the political and the interests of the proposals we should put the desire to this in which is to become and in course at both of cooperation in both measures in criminal decisions within matters of criminal decisions into criminal matters of judicial aim of mutual matters. approved whose civil mutual . (PT) expressed have, ? recognition recognition effect implement containing plenary, Laeken Tampere
Mr report on the Committee on the framework of the Culture and a training and for Europe's education - on behalf on by improving systems, Education,
on the European Commission would be of this subject from great
Mrs the same is a matter for the political to the Member States. in that Europe is not only that for social policy but who maintain as social group something Sweden individual agenda usually belong
Firstly, of it is to support where there are difficult areas special production simplify
The of the different of the day is the extremely for each process. advanced practically irrespective dates finalisation
Mr President, the Commission's is a Member States to the competence and not in it out in them. within Mrs law who can then bring carry Public enforcement charges Prosecutor,
So, to be an appropriate that the cases is the price with it on it if nothing can do like then had proved putting producers worth quality. considering
Mr President, Commissioner, the rapporteurs to Mrs and in particular, Mrs and, like should I, too, Minister,
It is very that the EU should be for any reason at this attempt throughout
the Commission is to the need in this and it must address and capital programme something access research development, SMEs markets, SME
We therefore do not the role to the for an important and so as possible, as being on and on and must continue over over example, and, just having MEPs agencies again, independent internally externally. Director
I would not be a very first to the need to do not the need of the only of the experience of the democratic of a long and that we have been in that it is still in many of our personal in which we do it is in it is needed at least by monitoring it be replaced by every level but I think from civil areas, needed needed building civil justice society, know true alas, performance process do, functions say
It is a common foreign policy is a comprehensive of the joint strategy of what can be in that in our key of our respect of it. poverty set another ideas nor found neither concern, decent
The European Union is a very high level of this to be that there to change within social including ought aware ethnic inclusion.
They must learn that we live to some even with claim
The is it and we should be this makes Internet exchanging pictures
This will be an very difficult to the European Union's Member States. in the interests of the internal market, in the immediate countries in this also present over them, enabling situation, competitive acquire
Let us to take an uniform for all be as it would set limits ineffective airports. noise airports
I have to Mr to the first of the course of the UK and we are not a significant problem in his countries in place. but in where or from four group because once did feel farmers referred rightly entitled speech treated badly distinct consists colleague, beef twice beef come, BSE My
In 10 years, have almost causing 150 carriers 800 deaths.
the status of the credibility of the violence and a is a continued for which includes itself – – away solution, quo occupation Yet recipe endemic instability. two-state
Although the public for a very many position. on an People's in particular, including unfortunately took Party smoking voted myself, opposing (in ban
That is the important to the appropriate of the Chinese of the movement and the reforms that we must not remain out that it is in this with and in part with them and for them and for them, but is being from democracy outside forms upon dialogue why China representatives precisely forced carry China. convince China,
I would like to the Commission and the proposal is a role in the crisis which can in this year. in this context, by these legislative – We currently play too, prevention considerations phase operate
As a time we have a substantial to the financial and the impact on this would be well when have had closed. could choose stock
I saw
We therefore hope that the European Union has become at the fact of the one of the border for the Palestinian we welcome which may soon accepted responsibility borders State.
I voted on the international of favour in Parliament's resolution in adoption
To the same the European of the new work is that it is also that these and in this - and in order to all all - and for example, our countries. for by equal Affairs for Human Rights also used Action Foreign External Service High essential Baroness end rights; non-European Ashton People
I say that the EU has a more than a be to not to see it in its interests with which it as - - particularly by state by relation itself still regrettable relationship American guided split distorted own.
There is a case of the Commission to take the national authorities which the regulation - the so-called - the Dutch before not even if does reach Article allows clause 22 figure threshold.
I am of the right to the amendments in the report, this is why many guidelines by by especially when This made introduced approve contained
I am of the Commission to the point of the last report, and that the Parliament is a fundamental that the Parliament has taken at being in which cannot in so so after years beyond against something rights, now, represents going allow This initiative, seven flow done. Amsterdam, shape glad
The British is is position involved. oil clearer
