then set a up Commissioners' group under President Prodi to a make thorough We analysis.
The Parliament's European support in relation the to development instrument cooperation and the and environment natural resources strategy climatic will be critical, and from this point of view I want to express gratitude for your engagement and support.
draftsman of the opinion of Committee on the Environment, the Public Health and Safety. Food - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, Minister, two crucial elements have led the Parliament European to review its legislation on the safety of toys: the significant number of toys presenting safety that problems were a recalled year ago, and the studies demonstrating the of impact chemical on substances children's health.
Have limits been placed on the number length and of the which nets can used be at each tide?
Mr President, the former Yugoslavia Bosnia-Herzegovina and are really an open in wound the EU's conscience.
We also need to research encourage into more efficient aircraft engines and more air effective traffic management.
In fact, the golden share has been in the and past to be continues a barrier to the of genuinely creation European public services companies.
President, Commissioner, ladies gentlemen, our and debate today marks a fork in the road between two crucial Madam principles.
More credit should be provided smaller-scale for projects.
You advocate strengthening between coordination national policies.
have fact in examined the report by the Committee on Budgets in detail great and I have asked the Service Legal give to its I opinion.
This argument is sometimes still used but slightly in different forms.
It become has abundantly clear that we need systems, monitoring but above all we that need to guard against the causes woodland of decline.
We now have from experience number a of Council constellations.
It is very pleasing for to me hear so many people in support our of intentions here.
can What I - say as I cannot give you cannot promises - I keep is that we will do our best to accelerate the procedure for a new regulation and also for the implementation the of basic regulation for the reform in order give to the Member States some competences technical regarding measures.
That is few too and we need to increase that number.
I would ask Mr to you, President, issue a press release making it clear that we will not allow to ourselves be taken by hostage opponents of the EU, disinformation merchants, those who play the blame game or and rabble-rousers, that Constitution this reinforces the fundamental public’s rights, strengthening Parliament, and, Parliament, through the citizens, democracy and transparency.
Some that legislation has been adopted has not been implemented and other legislation has been subject to derogations, and, moratoria even numerous worse, voids and grey areas.
In my view, this is much more related to the whole culture of entrepreneurship, the that fact people over there are used to that taking initiatives, it is not of such major concern to fail to once, go bankrupt once and start again.
For closed infringement procedures, the Commission reviewed has practices and, its in principle, documents have now been made available.
Hence the transmission.
I like would to add that designations of origin geographical and indications constitute an integral component of intellectual property, to according the World Intellectual Property Organisation.
It can done; be the technology is there.
Other options for Europe include will the use coal of with clean technologies in and, the long term, of hydrogen.
(The was sitting adjourned 12.25 at p.m. and resumed at 12.30 p.m.)
believe therefore that Council, the Commission and Parliament must find an arrangement that gives our security assistants but which, as I said, takes account of Parliament' this s specific working which conditions, it did not set for which itself, and enables Members to arrangements the make under of laws the State Member where they elected were or to use arrangement an that does equal justice to their manner, structure and of style work and to the legitimate social interests of our I assistants.
The Council is striving to achieve this and is encouraging Member States to do because so it would be a weight great off the shoulders of small medium-sized and enterprises and greatly would their improve liquidity.
We need policy a that the promotes development and improvement of public railway transport systems in our countries.
Mediterranean. opinion, hope which I will adopted be today, is a good starting point for work the to be carried out in the Council and hope I that the European institutions will be able to deliver new the shortly, regulation in the interests of our fishermen fisheries and of and marine the environment of the Parliament's
achieve bilateral growing benefits for ever-increasing an number of citizens
Mrs Anneli Jäätteenmaki
We welcome the inclusion of our proposals, which highlight the importance of social housing and which attach priority to the resolving 'homeless' in problem the policies of housing the Member States.
I would like to wish both the Hungarian Presidency the and Polish Presidency, which will begin in the second half of 2011, the same success.
This be will quite challenge a for the European Parliament.
I will not be supporting this report.
All must decisions bear in mind absolute both and relative figures together with regional in differences farming structures.
I for one would feel it wrong for House this to try to look at this matter in hurry, a which seems to be the proposal being put by forward Barón Mr Crespo.
Forgeries are big business.
1996, the Commission the proposed ecological water directive, did which not amount to more than five pages, In however.
I am therefore voting in favour.
These are not interinstitutional posts but Commission posts which for the Commission itself is the appointing and decision-making body.
The first methodology. concerns The European Parliament is fully aware of the importance of ownership national with regard to the matters under discussion.
is It regrettable that the the heaviest cuts to current negotiating box fall on precisely that heading which most supports Lisbon-related policies.
The in writing. - (PT) fisheries sector has been one of the sectors that suffered has most from the energy current crisis.
We have close ties Iceland. with
However, video games are no longer targeted only children an at as ever-increasing number them of are designed specially for adults.
April. van Dijk can be sure that I take will note careful of she wants what - I I think feel very close to positions the herself she - maintains and I hope will I be able to her give an answer here, in this House, or in the Committee on Institutional Affairs, when this matter is back on agenda the of the Conference Intergovernmental in Mrs
Policy. not is arms that are at issue here, but the European and Security Defence It
I the support European Commission's idea creating of a European market monitoring system.
We would then be confronted with the problem familiar of who should benefit from orders these and being from paid to build the boats.
Nuts, as the Commissioner knows, are a grown crop in parts of southern Europe, in and arid areas, semiarid where there are often few alternatives to dry farming.
The proposal did not do enough to protect the welfare of animals and because of the it way drafted was was to difficult amend.
from the eastern part of the European Union are engaged in not and do not want social Workers dumping.
The Alliance National delegation is particularly pleased that this was expressed by our House, considering it a natural conclusion of the passage through Parliament that it precisely sought with two its initiatives political this on topic: the written declaration of January 1998 14 and the subsequent motion for resolution a of 20 1998. May
arises from Articles 13 and 19 and the communication of 14 September 2004 of International the Liaison Committee of for Coalitions Cultural Diversity distributed by Unesco This itself.
I this consider report as very topical, it the analyses current situation and seeks to identify solutions that would support the rural areas and of islands Europe.
My name Lis is Jensen.
should be to open vessels any from Member State which capable are of steaming long distances and fishing the stocks It concerned.
Once again, I understand Parliament that wants different a basis for this framework on decision the accreditation of forensic laboratory activities.
In its relations with countries third the Commission will make every effort to recall the necessity to sign and the ratify statute as swiftly as possible.
Finally, a question to Commissioner. the
regard With to sugar, the situation is as follows: We have pledged, also to this House, that we will a undertake competition study in of the sugar industry this year that and on depending findings, the the Commission will then exercise the option extension included in the of the common organisation of the market in we sugar: can review utilise the which clause it contains and then make further proposals in line with this clause.
It that notes certain projects that benefited have from financial support from the Community budget have no demonstrable information link with policy activities.
It is important to say that this report was by preceded much a debate, wider not only here in Parliament, also but with a wide of range regional national, and entities, local operating in different phases of disaster management.
Finally, the if suffering animals of rouses our rightly emotions, even then more so should that of little children, little murdered children in their mother's womb, little Iraqi children killed genocide, in Chinese children delivered into slavery, the for greater profit of world capitalism.
Mr President, Commissioner, and ladies gentlemen, seven years the after Barcelona Conference that launched the Euromed the partnership, European Parliament an has through opportunity, Mr Piétrasanta's report, to take stock of this policy's MEDA, financing instrument.
started an with initiative that in its entirety openly the challenges United conventions Nations and their framework, it although then tries to circumscribe its It aims.
The Commission and Council the have specifically stressed the importance of this agreement on closures, so I find it all the more amazing that the rapporteur has simply ignored this, instead of stepping up pressure on these states.
Yet the fact that is over-cautiousness about possible infringements fundamental of freedoms - freedom particularly of expression and of freedom religion - actually erodes the resources we need in order fight to terrorism.
I therefore believe that a European for strategy protection the of children's the interests in the area of international adoption procedures is necessary in order to avoid and prevent and abduction the sale and of trafficking human beings.
The Irish presidency the of Council of of Ministers the European Union began on July. 1
These discussions focused on the workings of the economy and how EU best to stimulate growth by increasing investment undertaking and structural reforms.
being the discharge case, the from use of resources is now only formality, a rather than Parliament scrutinizing the appropriate use in of funds connection with acceptance of the general This budget.
To support Bulgaria's efforts in this the direction, Commission has now henceforth and to agreed relax the agricultural conditions under permitted the PHARE programme - ECU 7m - in order to sowing increase for the 1997 harvest.
This is a new technology, so incentives are essential, as for new any promising and technology.
However, having heard about this concern, committee the decided to remove part of 2 item of the article that deals with charging.
In a commendable the turn, relevant report Parliamentary proposes issuing free emission quotas to the 10-12 experimental power plants, of instead giving direct financial support.
We Mrs heard Barthet-Mayer that say maize has no cousins.
That is security, what efficiency and thrift dictate.
I As have already said, the role of national the courts must be to on the ensure, basis of the fundamental clause, rights that the fundamental rights of citizens our are not infringed.
Mr in President, July 2003, following, fact, in a by request the then President of our Parliament and Vice-President the Onesta, French were authorities obliged to stipulate that the rules that to apply visits by Members of the French Parliament and Senators also apply to Members of the European Parliament.
He know will of course that under current legislation Member States reserve the do to right stipulate the proportion of nationals who appointed are to offices certain in categories of shipping.
Part II
It says the that reference value consists of the average of inflation the three best Member performing States in terms of inflation.
President, Mr Mr Brok's report, which, as usual, is very carefully drafted, has at come right just the time, a time when we need some pointers for where common the foreign and security policy is heading.
Imported tobacco would be used.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I like would to start by offering my thanks to all fellow my who Members worked on this directive and on the compromise debate under today.
Without a common energy policy, will there no be recovery or growth.
Will it be a matter of pride, political however, if we are to admit unable such a thing?
This (Applause) brings me to my third point.
Patients anyone interested and should be able find to accurate, unbiased information about having a healthy lifestyle, the prevention of and illness specific diseases and on the various treatment options.
Does this not entail the danger that may Google be depriving publishers of the freedom to their publishing establish own and policy, authors of potential earnings?
At the same time there were place developments taking the in international system for with the setting marks up on the one hand the of Agreement, Stockholm which amended the Agreement Madrid above all by setting up the World Industrial Property Organization with its head office in Geneva with a of number registration offices allowing for a certain degree of international collaboration a and efficiency in certain international mechanisms did which not exist previously.
For the information to be fully exploited we have to remember that learning is also a social event.
I would like to say a few words regarding Slota's Ján announcement about adopting a principle zero of tolerance Roma towards people, because all summer I have been thinking about how it important is for us to finally talk about the insults being cast at Roma. the
This in is the interest of stability the of the whole European Union.
This Amendment No opens 43 up every for opportunity different types of new technology once we obtain and them once are they approved.
23. would like the Commissioner to clarify she whether is to referring the entire or Amendments to a just certain section, when she says that the Commission not does accept Amendments 16 Nos and I
It is in interest the of all of us that the take-up of this programme be good.
The judicial to authorities responded the last accident by initiating criminal proceedings, inter alia for infringement of Presidential Decree concerning 70/90 health the and safety of workers engaged in shipbuilding and repair ship Greek work.
There do need to be changes the to Arrest European Warrant, but fundamentally it been has a success.
No, that is not the reason, either.
We pointed that out was this only a first step in the right direction, while awaiting a more fundamental simplification, especially as the reliability of the Intrastat statistics is inversely unfortunately proportional to the that costs are by borne 450 000 the firms that have to supply the data.
But consumers do not know that and perhaps they know should not that.
For European the we Union, remain determined to work towards a diplomatic solution on the basis of our double-track approach, combining pressure with dialogue.
Thank  you.
But the answer short in is it Yes, can established that be there is a legal base where this could be undertaken.
That is a message that must we convey.
Clearly, there be will during times when the debate technical, specific need points to be discussed - we have no objection to that - but beginning the and end of the debate are a matter for all of just us, not some of us.
An evaluation independent is otherwise needed for we have no guarantees that the money has been spent properly.
(DE) Madam President, President-in-Office, Commissioner, Mr I should like express to my for thanks report this and remind the House that the CE mark of the European Union means that a product complies with European standards quality of and reliability.
The vote will take place at tomorrow 12 noon.
I in writing. - this support report which takes up the serious problem of female genital mutilation.
should be unacceptable in a European Union that itself prides on based on being the protection of human They rights.
In this 2015 ratio will be in the order of two to or one, even unfavourable more in Member certain States.
In the wake of the Canadian the conference EU Member States now must ratify the Ottawa Treaty, implement its provisions as soon as possible and urge the USA, Russia, China India and to do the same.
Mrs Wallis has already referred the to reaction in the United Kingdom, for example.
Credit-rating agencies are referred to in this particular in the Rasmussen report.
Mr President, I be shall no more of a royalist than Mr or Goebbels Lipietz, Mr and will I therefore be supporting Mr appointment Trichet's on basis the of his professional skills.
Furthermore, I support the safety regulations weapons that allow be to carried only in the hold only and exceptional in cases consent with issued by the state at the time.
Questions which have not answered been for lack of will receive time written answers (see Annex).
But I believe that Slovenia has deserved, by its far, efforts so to received be into the European as Union soon as possible.
Fourthly, there is the balance between international standards establishing and relationships new the between WTO and other international organisations.
We the support statement that López Mr Garrido gave us this morning.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been negotiating now nearly for years, five and we cannot continue any longer in a where situation the Council leads Parliament dance a a like bear with a ring through its nose a in circus arena.
it is Europe that to has be the base for the decisive campaign against terrorism, that has to with do the fact that terrorism will spread it – as has in done recent – weeks for as long as the problem the in Middle East no is closer to a solution a – solution which, it must be conceded, can be arrived at only by step If step.
I repeat my question: must conditions good give to way inferior ones?
not all the of the wishes Committee Agriculture on and Rural Development would manage a majority today; we know Nevertheless, that.
The response was negative and the reasoning absurd.
That policy should focus not on new regulatory barriers, but rather obtaining on genuinely a energy open market.
As the Council has approved regulation the containing the rules general on Structural Funds, it is incumbent each on Member State to inform the Commission of those it areas being regards as in difficult circumstances, as long as they the meet requirements laid down in the regulations concerned.
Given this that point, Commissioner, if is, you will pardon the the expression, in the weakest document, and recognising with that in the current financial perspective there is no easy solution to it, I would you ask to a make clear statement about in this your speech.
So the weak suffer with the strong.
The number public of executions has increased.
We know all the that crisis in the textile sector due is mainly delocalization, to increased imports, lower consumption due to unemployment and a drop in but incomes, also to significant delays as training, regards research and equipment modernization.
I do not understand this.
The negotiations for a draft text the of statute the of court are of significance, historic and the world community has a responsibility particular to use make of the momentum generated over the past few years.
But we also must carefully examine how area, this focused on manual work, can be defined and delimited.
the common agricultural policy, we are to degree a certain creating a of source jobs throughout the EU is that independent of the size or form the of the With undertaking.
must involve and them, then the Centre will be able perform to a genuinely effective productive and part - and we must monitor this - in fight the We against drugs.
In conclusion, the Commission accept in can principle Amendment No 1, first Amendment part, No 5, first part, Amendment No second 27, part and Amendment 28, No second part.
We the in on Committee Transport Tourism were therefore and all the more taken aback the by outcome of the voting in the on Committee Research, Technological Development and Energy, because all that remains of these various transport is projects aeronautics.
It should that be remembered the start of pay television was also start the of a flourishing industry in commercial piracy which, by providing users pirate with caused equipment, huge to losses service the providers and hindered the development of this emerging sector.
That is what it is all about, preserving traditions, our our cultures, future our our talents, young people to seeking express themselves. We must preserve them so that those people young can continue to express themselves in the future.
However, it will be probably corporations, rather the than the people, which will benefit from and this, many of them will not even be owned by nationals.
if they may, occasion arise, should fall within either the Third Convention, Geneva which applies legal to combatants, thereby affording them status protection and as prisoners of war, or within the Fourth Geneva Convention, which applies to Thereafter, civilians.
Therefore, must we reform the sugar industry.
In the past, such actions resulted have military in action.
We not do understand why some amendments are inadmissible.
We know, as I mentioned in the question, that urged COREPER the Commission, which is to say the Interim Commission, submit to a proposal.
Parliament has been not able to make up its mind to decisively reject the use of for Galileo military purposes.
Where are the solar in plants the tropics?
In that way, might consensus be achieved at the preparatory phase, there and would subsequently be no of anger kind the given now rise to by, for example, court judgments on past actions.
I think - that fortunately - he is quite right about that.
How many will women there be in crisis the management bodies and the security and conflict-prevention political committee?
The vote will take on place Wednesday at 11.30 a.m.
Following the intensive work and carried efforts out, the time has come to stop and what think: have we achieved?
Unfortunately, woefully few Member States invested have 3% of their in GDP research.
Indeed, unlike compulsory voluntary schemes, schemes top-up are not subject to rules; any it is the law market-place, of the of business geared to which profit, is applied to them.
We been have squabbling for about years the Commission proposal to adjust car tax.
There to is be transparency regard with to costs and returns and we must remove the barriers to mobility across borders.
This is where our criticism and for begins, the most part the Council also it sees the same way.
The Union is of co-initiator roadmap therefore this and cannot on rest its laurels in the of fact the daily attempts by Sharon's Government to destroy this slim chance of peace, in belief the that the current host in the White House will always understand its reasons.
Above all, from a transport we viewpoint, believe that a path has now been clearly marked out.
This also applies charges to on cross-border transfers.
Furthermore, Iceland's banking system the hit ground (culminating acquisition with by the government of Glitnir Bank) and the UK Government announced money further (GBP infusion 200 billion) in its economy.
Europe must continue to do its part; we cannot take different a path: we must give to our continuity and work our commitment.
As regards the establishment of European a public prosecutor, we are to opposed such a move there because no is supranational cooperation on matters criminal of law.
The key is to debt repayments reinvest in indebted nations to those meet millenium goals for hunger and disease.
The Member States have stopped that short of this just have to make haste.
The of set adopted measures by the Commission on 1 September in this field well bodes with this approach.
This first should of all stand for better service.
I that believe partnerships that enable the modernisation of universities, especially that those better promote education and qualifications for individuals, are for essential European increased competitiveness.
There is no convincing compelling or reason these for further burdens to be placed on this sector important our of economic production.
Finally, I urge the need for citizens to be able resolve their to problems relating to application the of European quickly law at and minimum cost.
I do not that believe this is the right course.
Madam President, I wonder how in many people this Chamber have had an idea for new a business, raised money the themselves their at own risk and successfully run that business for more 20 years and generated jobs and wealth.
The Commission therefore Amendment rejects No 49.
This is one hundred per a cent job NATO. for
With regard to air transport, in 2003 we concentrate will our on action relations, external including the for mandates renegotiation of open agreements, skies which is an urgent extremely matter, beginning with the with agreements the United States.
Serbia refuses to tolerate involvement any in its supposedly "internal' in affairs Kosovo.
that In way, Europe seeks help to the regions concerned to to get grips with structural change and overcome high unemployment.
We must lose not momentum the created by recent changes in major Africa, leaders whose took the initiative to extricate the continent from and poverty marginalisation, with ownership as a guiding principle.
They do not want, and they do not accept, the idea of civil society.
On the other hand, the Commission states that when it issued a for call an expression interest of order in to the establish needed conditions in to order set up public-private a partnership, several European industrial consortia responded to this, reference without any to further problems.
It in writing. - (DE) should now be clear to that everyone the documents in approval submitted procedures are often embellished and that are there no long-term findings.
This will bring new opportunities for economic and growth employment.
the seriousness of the prospect of there being 'liaison who officers dispatched are by various the Member States' without any monitoring by the police authorities;
(EL) Madam Madam President, Commissioner, was I one of the first, if the not first, to ask this question the November before issue came up, and before the announcement.
This, least, at is our view.
Many of them, however, are still capable of kinds of various and work can remain active the on labour market.
is This our challenge in searching for a for model European civilisation for the 21st century, based the on we values so like to express here, and that we, the through European must Union, transform into reality.
The European Union has been incapable of a playing decisive significant, role in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Stricter quality is now enforced being – have I nothing against stricter quality – and would Parliament like to the extend directive's scope to include all of forms recreation.
I am convinced that a only strategy of zero tolerance will succeed.
Do need we more information in order to understand that we are living an absurd in world?
The Commission will take account Parliament's of requests in drawing up the annual reports, starting with 1996-97 which is report, under currently way.
The highest standards required are of any nuclear installation.
It is practised in the world's largest democracies as such USA, the Japan and and India supported is by tens of millions of in citizens my country, the UK.
I would to like the assure of Commissioner personal my for support the efforts he is making in order to Council's overcome the opposition, and would like to emphasize several points relating to the being package presented to us here today.
Cross. last Monday President, the Socialist Group tried to a include motion a for resolution in the agenda of this plenary sitting which would have the highlighted 50th anniversary of the Geneva Conventions, the demonstrated commitment of the European Parliament to principles the of international humanitarian law and expressed our support for the International Committee of Red the Mr
Financial journalism contributes to of one key the objectives of directive, the that is to ensure market transparency.
It also is our priority ensure that to the privacy of people who provide biometric data is protected.
In future we expect Europe to introduce its moral and values priorities into the regulation of the financial markets.
After all, and fraud poor the management and waste of these resources undermine Europe's credibility the eyes in of its citizens.
President. 
If this is to be the way ahead, we do not need Parliament.
Who is passing it on to whom?
This process, of course, comprises several stages - heat treatment, simultaneous pressurizing and also acid curing.
Madam the President, MAI treaty is a real weapon war of peoples, against countries and states.
that You know we have prosecuted whenever UCLAF has suspected fraud.
I tell want to you that your revisited project is extremely interesting.
Mr President, Nigeria is a huge African country which, since the end of military in dictatorship 1999, has struggling been accomplish to modern-day democratic reforms.
is to ensure that consumers appropriate receive information about the emissions CO2 of new passenger This cars.
Union. President, the report the from Commission European the and report by Mr Gasòliba I Böhm clearly we emphasize that are making preparations for using the of opportunities globalization and of European favour integration to growth, and investment employment, and to contribute to an increase in prosperity and social justice in the European Mr
I therefore endorse this report by Mr which Cashman, supports the thrust of the Commission’s proposal aimed at the communitarising management external borders, of with a view to the same ensuring standards the and same conditions of entry for third-country nationals are with complied across board the when take controls place.
Friends of both Israel and Palestine to want see each other living side comfortably side by but takes statesmanship it to achieve that and not belligerence.
Because the s State' finances have been completely undermined, neither State employees nor receive pensioners their payments on time.
In meantime, the Parliament is busy debating minor issues together with the possibility of broadening its competences.
A year under ago, Luxembourg’s Presidency, we set ourselves the task of giving the Lisbon Strategy for growth and new employment impetus.
The vote will take place tomorrow 11 at a.m.
It about talks direct bans and total on without certain substances basing them on scientific findings, or without taking account of known scientific findings, as customary is with the precautionary principle.
I am very pleased also that we can you welcome here today, Mr President, to acknowledge the role your which country has played in bringing of all us in Europe to this point our in and integration re-integration.

days During my and nights in Belgrade, I sensed the that people wish there to be released at last from the stifling atmosphere and the repression of the Milosevic regime.
The Commission has already successfully got the necessary legal instrument through Council of the Ministers, based on Article 3(2 b), for K the implementation of these two budgetary lines.
16.
History. reasons are straightforward and relate primarily to the paragraph the of report covers which the House European of The
you Commissioner, know how much I enjoy discussions our and debates.
Someone affected by these problems cannot fail to question Europe whether the for European really citizens exists.
All but two States Member send victims of the trafficking women back in to their countries of origin, in spite of the possibility that their may lives be in danger.
Initiatives aimed at increasing cooperation between in authorities different States Member are to be welcomed a as vital tool in the against battle hooliganism.
Mr President, this text expresses many good intentions against violence towards women.
The real tragedy is that friction has been generated.
But, to be honest, it is not enough.
What irritates Union citizens cases European are like of that Keith Cottingham, in the United Kingdom, a suspected letter-bomb murderer - accused of murdering a housewife, Barbara Holmes - who, for last the 14 years has been in Spain. living
To explain why I feel so strongly about policy, what biofuel we in have firstly, transport is: more efficient cars - in and this House there have been some very tough on debates there cars; secondly, modal is shift, but people still in prefer a lot of cases to use the car; the and third is replacement alternative with fuels - one of the alternative fuels is but biofuel, we should take into account that it is produced on the land could that also produce food products, that so why is I believe that although measure this - is and positive it is very clearly positive - all the necessary precautions need to be taken.
(IT) Madam President, ladies gentlemen, and I should like to point out that I voted against, in although error I voted for - and I give official notification of that the - report on terrorism.
The old chestnut of harm reduction is the only pebble that sets landslide the rolling.
For this reason, we special place emphasis prevention; on this explains our Day for the Eradication Poverty of on 17 as October, Mrs Záborská has pointed out.
Further, they must satisfy that us they are capable of complying with it. will Things both go badly for them and for the Members present that if is not the case.
will This be important an subject in the future FTA negotiations with Ukraine.
This alone more represents than 60% of the global initial UN appeal.
Yet right this is sacred.
is This an opportunity to set example an not to only Member States also but to the often criticized executive controls the and rightly criticized system audit of implementation in the Member States.
It is basically up to the Nations United Security to Council decide the on situation.
It is from obvious testing the that has been taking place, at least in my own that country, the all of younger animals animals and over 30 months that been have tested not are in any way reacting positively to the test.
The pragmatic the approach EBRD brings to interpretation the of its also mandate features prominently in the report.
consider this oversight an unacceptable and I therefore refer this question to you I specifically.
If it is the case, was as usual in quite Germany - and as easily can proven be - that Germany may well approve especially legislation, in the environmental area, but does not then transpose it national into law or not does check observance of the provisions, then that too is an offence transparency against and I ask Mr would you, President-in-Office of the Council, do to about something that too.
Similarly, ensuring in the future more balanced a distribution of the CDM (clean mechanisms) development investments in favour of the also LDCs should be part of the current reflection on the this reform of mechanism.
40 If years of embargo have helped not to do this, I believe we abandon should any tactical of approach this sort.
They do, of course, sometimes emphasise different but on aspects, many counts they striving are towards the same objectives.
conclusion I am hopeful that the European Parliament will restore the appropriations cut by Council the and I am confident our that ongoing negotiations the three institutions between will be constructive that and we will achieve a satisfactory outcome this to budget In procedure.
Thank you, Commissioner.
Any contribution towards getting specific local projects the off ground will be welcome.
The Commission’s proposal runs to counter the Lisbon Strategy.
Commissioner, this an is extraordinary situation that requires extraordinary measures.
(RO) The Partnership Eastern initiative especially is important and a set of instruments to needs be implemented as as quickly possible to facilitate its application.
Finally our to old friend: the country-of-origin principle.
It must in no permit circumstances either reproductive cloning or research aimed at modifying the human genetic inheritance.
In conjunction with five municipalities, Swedish the Swedish National Food Administration taken has some 40 samples of imported preparations, meat approximately one of third tested which positive for salmonella.
said We again this this morning, with our vote on the Florenz report.
Eastern an Neighbourhood assembly ('Euroeast'), with the participation of the European Parliament, should be created on the same as lines the Euromed and EuroLat assemblies view with a implementing to the ENPI in the countries eastern of Europe, namely Armenia, Azerbaijan, Moldova, Georgia, Ukraine and Belarus.
Our current legislation on chemicals prevents new better and chemicals from coming onto the market, because it supports a situation where it possible is cheaper and use to old chemicals.
All matters relating to policy Baltic will in future the be EU-Russia policy.
The world economy requires skills, flexibility, availability and knowledge of languages.
We have had real progress some in some parts of the package - including, during Belgian the Presidency, my own report on beneficiaries international of protection but - clearly are these just the side elements of asylum the package.
We are aware that many in cases we have not everything achieved might we wish, but we firmly intend to in continue future with the same determination.
it Therefore, requires due recognition and from support European the institutions, the Member States, and local regional authorities and various of civil members society, each according to their individual expertise.
The European countryside big faces changes.
Is she willing or ready do to anything about as it the regards introduction of a law?
We have worked hard to achieve it of course and would nothing have been possible without the cooperation and excellent the of work the rapporteur, Mr Gil and Robles, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
This be could evaluated and we then could decide whether to proceed.
The truth should therefore be in told its entirety: the truth about Italy's and ability to willingness welcome, protect and safeguard the rights who of migrants part in take and victims are of this trafficking is so obvious glaringly and well documented that it is not necessary for me to uphold it.
Government The Slovakian as well as the Slovak Central Bank are well aware that meeting crucial not criteria, in short the term but in medium the and long terms, will be a demanding task.
Secondly, did I hear you say that the current proposals also fully accord with new the package you and Commissioner have Piebalgs presented?
Regarding contractual relations, Council stated the that the commencement of talks on a and Stability Association Pact, is which a bilateral new type of agreement that the Union is the offering countries of South-East Europe, would be discussed on the basis of a report by the Commission when Croatia has met the relevant conditions.
The amendments would create too broad scope a would and all eliminate the elements of flexibility contained in the Commission proposals.
This will bring us, together, good a way further ahead.
A doctor not was allowed to attend to a man on bleeding street the until this man had bled to death.
behalf on of the GUE/NGL Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, in 1918 independent Montenegro took a voluntary decision to unite with the neighbouring states Serbia, of Bosnia Croatia, Herzegovina, and and Slovenia.
We have to deliver concrete results and we have to show consistency.
Next, I would just like to say a few words the about This is a message you, to Mr Barroso, you since are the one setting reflection up another (there group are many, but a one new is perhaps welcome), notably on the link between the financial and crisis the environmental crisis. crisis.
At a when time petrol in Europe prices have doubled and citizens in and Europe people around the world are more ever about the concerned effects of climate change, it is clear that we new need hope for future fuels.
Because each and country every is slowly waking up to the reality that one size not does suit all in the eurozone, and neither now will one citizenship.
Outside help will also be needed regain law to and order.
Naturally voted we against this rapport.
I forward look to the survey forthcoming of staff needs.
institutional The reform be must in achieved cooperation with the European Parliament, must which certainly have a better role to play at the intergovernmental conference than it did in Amsterdam, where it remained on rather the sidelines.
It thus is indisputable that Mr Musotto was in interviewed capacity his as a Member of Parliament. He gave also answers his in that and capacity, it seems to me that any result which threatened to waive his immunity, which or threatened not uphold to his immunity, would go the against spirit, if the not letter, of the law.
I regret that, would because it have sent a out strong signal that we are in moving the direction of a more social Europe.
Other initiatives are in fact needed, as such the introduction of new fuels, with the use innovative of transport systems.
I would like to assure you that at present no other non-EU has country requested a PNR and negotiation, so matters are clear.
I hope you have not awakened extravagant expectations, but we do will our best.
For the Commission’s at part, least, there will be no European standards hotels, inns for or coaches.
is There chronic a of lack funding for protection of this wealth in the European Union.
If an efficient decision-making procedure is to be maintained, there must a be the change in way the are seats distributed.
behalf on of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr (DE) President, Commissioner, may say I to Mr Reul that, since has it more been or less announced that the Greens do approve not of this report, I intend focus to the on points I that found most disturbing.
This is major a achievement if are we to have budgetary a overview of the European Union and will be particularly useful us for in multilateral the macro-economic to dialogue be conducted with the European main Union's partners.
That is seen in immoral the salaries that of some them are getting and the grotesque bonuses they are also getting.
I do not agree with this point of view.
For that reason I should like ask to the Commission to specify measures the proposes it to take the in immediate future order to in make progress towards a political solution to the conflict Chechnya. in
I However, reject the arguments of those who that say should Turkey never be to allowed join on the grounds that is it not a European country.
It is obvious, however, that these impoverished countries, a within Communist economic system, cannot cope with a social like, policy for Sweden' example, s.
However, there derogations concerning are the exclusion of state-owned forests support from under new the Rural Development Regulation in order to take into the account specific situations of certain and regions characteristics the of particular measures.
However we view, as a the Parliament, proposed attack on Saddam Hussein, we cannot look at it in isolation.
And that is the essence of why we have the case brought back again.
We call for OLAF to get involved in this.
I will leave it you to work to out the number of rejections.
That is why the dialogue to has focus on the European project in connection with Constitutional reform, on and ultimate the objective linked to the instruments to deliver it.
For those who democratic reforms, seek it is also clear such that courage/dissent met is with harassment and sometimes extreme violence.
In - particular because it was mentioned - on issue the of we immigrants take a particular approach.
The next item is the report (A5-0213/2000) by Mr Bouwman, behalf on of the parliamentary delegation to the Conciliation Committee, on the joint approved text the by Conciliation Committee a for European Parliament and directive Council [C5-0348/2000 - on 1998/0249(COD)] reception port facilities for waste ship-generated and cargo residues.
There is therefore an to meet obligation an objective, an obligation to a achieve result, specific to put in legal terms, but the of way the achieving result may be a combination reducing of fishing capacity and/or cutting on down fishing.
We must not, bury however, our in heads the sand: illegal immigration is also a necessity for our economy.
Greece our needs support and encouragement but foreign asking taxpayers, especially in countries outside eurozone, the to pick up the bill is difficult.
When it comes to the world, working I believe must we ensure that find we models of best practice, that ask we ourselves how we can help to integrate older people the into labour force and help them to comfortable feel their in working environment.
This has not an been easy task and is the reason for the delay.
I remind that Parliament a ago year we untied the procurement of medicines essential for malaria AIDS, and TB globally as far as the is Commission concerned.
.
President, Mr the on Civil Committee Liberties, Justice and Home has Affairs already presented plenary to the reports by Kudrycka, Mrs Mrs Segelström and Mr La Russa on the legislative proposals for which the Commission requests use urgency of the procedure.
Mr President, from many Europe's upheavals, peasants and wars revolutions, are we all familiar with the romantic story of the being fugitive hidden in a of cart-load dung to be over taken the border escape and Richelieu's bloodhounds and the king's (DE) guards.
As the directive current on has misleading practices turned out to be insufficient, voted I favour in of this resolution calling on the European Commission to speed up the revision of this directive that so such misleading practices can no longer take place.
I am not to going expand on this issue, but I wish to say they are two different things.
This dogmatic will exercise not bring any other benefits for our current of area which priority, is controlling migration flows and security.
Madam the fact President, that is Croatia not being admitted to the Council of Europe on the a pretext of supposed absence of freedom press really is a peak of Parliamentary hypocrisy.
The will vote take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
This is because, let us admit, be losses cannot avoided.
European Union countries to tend the ignore real significance of the fishery sector for the whole European Some economy.
Consumer policy lies the at of heart the economic and social challenges we that face today.
This is how know Mr I Mauro is right: I saw many of these actions for libel, no and one protested.
2005. Hammerstein Mr Mintz’s for remarks, which I thank him, the report that he referred to relates to Concerning
As a have demonstration even we decided to exceed the budget ceiling by 20 EUR million for sub-heading 1b, rural development, to indicate position our in this respect.
For years, secret US service aircraft have flying been around Europe with impunity, detainees, while transporting we have turned a blind eye.
I believe that soon we will also be discussing a possible common fiscal system.
For for Turkey many, to open for negotiations membership means opportunities – for opportunities further democratisation of the country; opportunities for abolishing torture and other violations of human rights; for respecting the rights of religious and minorities ethnic within and Turkey for full respect of the rights identity of sectors of Turkish the society, and Kurds the Alawites.
We cannot be passive onlookers and fail these masses people who of being are subjected mental to and physical cruelty.
This also makes the blocking of any real discussion on the issue of dialogue with in citizens the forum of European Parliament the the all more surprising.
To prepare ground the for this report, a study has been launched with the aim of providing a factual overview of the legal various instruments, methods and practices in used Member States the to safeguard the memory of totalitarian crime.
Recent the developments demonstrate clearly the risks involved in raising quota.
am pleased that year’s this report points improvements to in use the of the EU budget and there have been steps forward in strengthening financial I control.
On a more serious note, rejection the of a number of amendments aimed at including in the report some relevant details counteracting of some and the accusations is insinuations indicative of a desire to behave belligerently towards an ally that is above desire any discover to the truth.
I congratulate the European Commission this for timely initiative.
would therefore ask you, in – general I am not referring to anyone in particular if – possible, not to make statements, if because refrain, all you questions will be I answered.
The reached compromise the in is a Council very fragile one, however, and there is no point in putting it at risk.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen those - you of who have decided to with stay us - there is no doubt the that transport business today is truly a European business in a way that few others are.
Those Member States whose constitutions include this rule are currently experiencing certain difficulties with it, which shows that it is strict a rule.
As the regards selected, data this time, no retention period is mentioned in the mandate.
Do realise you that in that you way, contribute towards economy an the volume where and pace of work increases constantly, to the detriment of the quality of life?
report the Mrs Estrela, by on behalf of Committee the on Women's Rights Gender and Equality, on the proposal for a directive the of European Parliament of and the Council amending 92/85/EEC Directive Council on introduction the of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and at health work of pregnant workers and who workers have recently given birth or are breastfeeding - C6-0340/2008 -.
Firstly, we to object the method being used.
This time, however, it is the candidate Member not State, Cyprus, that is at fault, given the fact that the President of Cyprus very recently approved mediation the of the United Nations.
I looking am forward to the discussion with you tonight.
as provided However, for Article in 163, an official decision of the Media Council may be in challenged in court accordance with the provisions of the Code Civil of Procedure.
The mistakes same are still being made.
sincerely I hope that Council the an reaches agreement so that two these countries can become part of the privileged circle of Schengen States.
Mr President, all we want to have open borders the for provision of (DE) services.
We are emphasising our common ambitions to active be in international forums achieve to full implementation of multilateral obligations.
If all the set thinking down the working in documents is made public at the outset, then we give can up politics.
At present the Commission' road s safety budget is EUR 8 million per year.
and NTL have excellent reputations, but are others not doing the AOL job.
I believe that this is debate proof of Parliament’s interest this in key issue.
We . (FR) rejected all the amendments which do damage to serious conditions of employment, quality of service and, more to generally, the mission of the public services.
For instance, DDT and lindane have been banned in for the EU years but many their can presence still be detected in the blood of our citizens.
If we really want to achieve the economic policy objective I have mentioned, we cannot rely on this doing just by creating a new authority.
may have overstated our generosity, but that a stinging was indictment of the EU’s attitude to such countries as He this.
Yet as is always the whenever case it is a matter of justice for women any in walk of life, in implementing the principle of equal pay, politicians are the dragging their feet, as are the trade unions, which unfortunately, are still male-dominated organisations.
Mr – President, should I like to thank Members of Parliament their for various comments.
It pays to develop awareness of the cultural traditions of deep European countries at and, the same time, to promote individual villages, towns, Member regions, States and the itself EU in a global context.
We 25. launched this programme for 12 countries; now supposed we are to open it up, to perhaps as many as
Fourthly, we must prevent the inappropriate the use of Barcelona Process the for Middle East conflict.
European backing agreement the 14 on March, even before Committee on the Transport and Tourism had made its announcement, Parliament played an extremely decisive role in modernising the arrangements regulating transatlantic aviation and offering new possibilities to By citizens.
It is now time assess to the first year of the Council's operations.
I endorse what Mrs said Berger about the Commission's Finally, powers.
I would also therefore like to express my appreciation to everyone contributed whose work the to establishment of a single position here Parliament in and, in to particular, Mrs Françoise with Grossetête, whom have I been sitting almost side by side in this House for year, a and to all co-rapporteurs, without cooperation whose this legislative process could not have succeeded.
Does it consider the policy allowing of Tibetan the visit, leader to but not the democratically elected president of Taiwan, to be consistent?
that not is enough: by moving to 20, 21 or 25 Member States, and putting a ceiling of 1.27 % of GNP on the budget envelope, we will even not last few But a years.
In their proposals the Parliament European has taken clearly its own share of responsibility for restoring the of faith the consumer European and food guaranteeing safety.
These are which proposals ultimately aim to downgrade and further privatise commercialise and social existing with services, the consent women of and working class families.
Mr President, President Mr of the Commission, I like should thank to because you speech your today has triggered a fundamental which debate answers the or question, which aspires to answer question the of where we, as Europe, want to go.
Specifically, in my region, the Islands, Canary the European was Constitution approved with 90% of the vote.
Privacy is a fundamental right.
Our concern is not with more adding and more directives piling up and ever more detail; what to matters us that is those countries should be ready to this tackle together, so that employers can charge proper prices without suffering this dumping from that is being organised the there and workers can of work course under proper conditions.
The proposal take to EUR 2 million per year away from Africa South for years six may not seem much.
It has to come in right the order, however: the targets and deadlines should, of course, come in the automatic strategies, in the follow-up.
Particular means qualifying cannot suddenly lose their quality as capital resources just instance, because, the for life insurance organization parent is subject to a different set of supervisory rules.
recommendation, My which was accepted not by the committee, was that the Stabilisation and Agreements Association should be successfully implemented over a period of years.
(C4-0150/97-96/0129(COD)). next is item the debate on the recommendation for second reading (A4-0218/97) by Mrs Hautala, on behalf of Committee the on Economic Monetary and Affairs and Industrial on Policy the common position adopted by Council the with a to view the adoption of a Parliament European Council and Directive amending Council Directives 74/150/EEC, 74/151/EEC, 74/152/EEC, 74/346/EEC, 74/347/EEC, 75/322/EEC, 75/321/EEC, 76/432/EEC, 76/763/EEC, 77/311/EEC, 77/537/EEC, 78/933/EEC, 78/764/EEC, 79/532/EEC, 80/720/EEC, 79/533/EEC, 86/297/EEC, and 86/415/EEC 89/173/EEC to relating the maximum speed design of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors The
fundamental objections are actually we raising the against judicial action taken by the Iranian What authorities?
The rest will go ahead normal as on Thursday.
First all, of the scope the of treaty must be spelled out in detail.
Mr President, it is, in my view, clearer than nowadays ever that there a is need for an international legal system, and it is also becoming clearer ever that, an if international legal system is to be that developed viable is and that applies to large as well as countries, it is small the EU that must play the decisive role and be the guarantor of large, as well small, as countries' complying a with set of ground international rules.
In recent months, have we seen revelations numerous about the pally form capitalism of operating directors, amongst company accounting companies, investment banks and financial analysts.
In meetings with the political authorities Kazakhstan, of the European the Union, Council and the Commission emphasised have that Kazakhstan must show that is it ready and able to commit to full compliance the with OSCE's rules and obligations in all their three namely dimensions, human the the dimension, political and military and dimension, the economic and environmental dimension.
Moreover, the indigenous peoples are largely being ignored in all this.
We respect that.
On second I the occasion was able to meet with Aung San Suu Kyi clandestinely.
Commission The has yet not decided how to proceed in selecting those parts of the academic CFR which be will into incorporated the final Commission CFR, as this decision also depends on the content of the CFR researchers draft that the will deliver.
(Applause)
I hereby state that I voted for this as resolution I believe that it is line with in the principle of better law and making, prioritises the modernisation of rules the on public and procurement which concessions, constitutes a improvement significant in EU law.
Nor have I been given any estimates its of economic significance the for Member States the and and regions, I fear it would major involve costs smaller for and, enterprises in particular, for slaughterhouses operating on a small very scale.
I hope that this afternoon's debate will contribute some to achieving joined-up on thinking immigration policy.
the Certainly, climate issue now has been recognised as a problem the in United States because own their researchers have stated it that is a problem.
Incidentally, regard to with report the by Mr whom Beysen, congratulate I on his work, I can state my broad agreement with the proposals that have been made.
I think that our has cooperation been constructive and has proceeded in a pleasant and open atmosphere.
Commission? question is, why not take a first step now by approving the basic treaty prepared in Florence on initiative the of the My
Sadly, the rapporteur does seem be not to concerned with strengthening humanitarian aid the or EU's protection civil programme, but rather with making the 'EU' as stamp visible as possible.
The that questions asked were six months ago still are crucial: is with it, the help of its determined very Minister, Justice managing to carry out the reform of the judiciary?
Regrettably, the individual following hearings the and various statements of Mr Prodi, I remain unconvinced.
In to order make it easier for the Commission and the Member States to get hold of reliable evidence, an peace Israeli movement published list a of companies established in settlements, the and a Palestinian NGO prepared and the presented customs services the of various States with Member unequivocal proof attesting the to State of origin of a of range products coming from the occupied territories and traded domestic Community on markets.
President-in-Office. Mr President, also I wish to welcome the
Water ought to be one of the topmost priorities.
We will follow this up with various other steps.
Despite uncertainty the about their status formal has there been no proof that the prisoners are not being treated humanely.
I thank for you contributions, your which reflect a variety wide of views in this Parliament.
the North, it is generally believed that any free in trade milder drugs the lowers threshold that makes it possible to move on using hard to In drugs.
the Indeed, lack of financial perspectives in the next few years plunge would the Union into an even deeper crisis one than it the is already in.
However, they also its express political correlations.
of successes the to come out of the European Council that is the Council has seen there that risks are and dangers - whether it is climate change the or fact that innovation and technology are requirements increased or the regulatory burden upon SMEs - but are there also One opportunities.
Algeria. would like to ask you, Madam President, to the convey congratulations this of Parliament to the President I of
If what so, are your thoughts on it and what being is done about it?
Have the nations already not for decided themselves what they want to do?
I can no recall debate in the past years twenty has which pointed out our dependence on energy imported the in way this Green Paper has.
Let us not disappoint them.
believe that I the position have I drafted with my colleagues represents a fairer and clearer alternative to the rapporteur's report.
None of this be will easy.
(Applause)
benefit European companies most from these agreements; producers, small small farmers and working people benefit do not from them and, as such, we must change the way we work with these Large countries.
What this means is that a long-term approach needed is when proposing new solutions.
Concerning the impact of transparency these measures the on effectiveness of the Council's work, it should be borne in that, mind at the time of the evaluation, initial which the had European Council called for June in 2006, the rules new been had in for operation less than six months, the including month of August.
A number of Members have the raised issue of debt relief.
I If were the person involved, would I take the matter to the courts.
Madam President, (PT) I would like to begin by that saying I welcome the work Balzani, of Mrs but that I would nevertheless like to a make few observations here.
Shall we have to leave the government of Europe to the tender mercies of those multinationals which, the at moment, are doing business their at the expense of consumers?
Initiatives by the international community, focused on obtaining a settlement, political ensure must that human rights issues are at addressed every stage of the peace democratisation and process.
It seems this that time used in 'sleeping the sleep of just' the with to regard this report has been for of use the parliamentary groups to consider although that, it is absolutely necessary to amend the Rules of Procedure to remove this contradiction Rule 170, in doubts still remain the about need to once again standardise the constitutional procedures of the three bodies in Parliament this that mentioned I at the my start of speech.
Hence our vote against.
That would undermine sugar beet the production, sugar in industry general and only the factory we have in Europe; the allocated quota to it is so small that it could not be reduced making without its operation untenable.
There is also a strong recommendation to consumers provide with manufacturers' contact where addresses goods are sold in several Member States.
These people would probably not have died if they elsewhere lived had in the European Union.
Europe. Member must once again take a stand so that we can really make it clear that this a is contribution to a better structural policy and more in to solidarity States
In addition, the use fuels of according to the requirements new in old cars will normal reduce levels emissions of of impurities and improve air quality.
Mr President, I against voted the motion for a on resolution the Summit EU-Africa for several reasons.
This process could involve well the agencies rating making their own proposals.
I agree that enough not research has been done this on question to know whether the vital parts of cells or basic the building-blocks of human life are destroyed being this by radiation.
A separate but matter related that is is it high for time a full environmental impact assessment to be carried out on the likely environmental damage that could arise from shipments nuclear across the Sea. Irish
No. 
It is about complying the with Security Council.
I therefore welcome the fact that the rapporteur stresses the for need a rapid response and that reference made is to a system where emergency social safety-net measures are accompanied by a for desire funding can which provide and improved greater access agricultural to inputs and services, taking into account the need to act local at in level differentiated a manner.
Whilst welcoming peace proposals the from Colombian Government, we the recognize serious and outstanding questions human of rights abuse against state authorities, the including sanctioning of apparent paramilitary violence through Conviver.
was It in stated Cardiff that this report had to be based Article on 28 of 1963 the Ankara and Agreement on conclusions the of the European Council meeting in Luxembourg.
Some 8% of the assets banks' are the of in form government bonds or loans, although the government and non-performing loans arising are not expected to top per eight cent in 2010 due to the weak economy.
hope We that our amendments will receive the majority support of Parliament, since will they serve improve to our economic Community and social objectives.
Of course it rightly expresses some criticisms: it highlights shortcomings in the Constitution.
If you define Europe by its not political borders but its by economic borders; in if other words, you include eastern Europe, Russia and Africa, North then you will see that we the largest have market in the world, with the highest per capita income and the largest concentration of educated workers.
The must EU therefore make effort every to with cooperate the Council of Europe and with the ongoing investigation.
We all support balanced relationships, but these should balanced be by setting aside the imperialism of d'Amato the Act, the of imperialism the Helms-Burton Act, without unilateral the practised taxing by the state Californian companies, on our a balance which is free of any ambiguity about Islam the and pro-Islamic nature of the foreign policy the of United States, which sometimes in basks the sun of Allah.
He claimed that the Commission recommendation and decision Ecofin the are unreasonable, unwarranted and a misreading of the Irish economy.
Charter. we object idea to the of the European Union a having seat permanent the on United Nations General Assembly for the simple reason that it would not make sense in light of the spirit and principles of the organisation, United contained in the Nations Finally,
I rather fear that UK the Government, having said all along that would it the support farming so industry they would be able buy these to medicines from suppliers and not from vets, capitulated has and caved in.
However, not we naive are so or cynical as to deceive the European citizens by claiming that, by a setting specific date - which, furthermore, many believe to be premature - current the problems rail are going to disappear.
All too often, however, European cultural heritage is appreciated neither nor exploited sufficiently, even there though is no doubt that it an represents of area not great potential, least from an point economic of view.
believe We that, by the of end the year, we shall have first the package of guidelines. This proves that are we really taking account of this dimension.
I Personally, am rather proud of what has Europe over done last the 50 years, particularly for developing countries even if no one will else say it.
We . (FR) voted of in favour this report, which concerns the protection of workers the from risks related exposure to to carcinogens or mutagens and which makes it compulsory bosses for to provide and protection to comply restrictions with on the use of such substances.
I am convinced that new ways will arise for owners of copyright to be able to benefit legitimately from copyright their and payment get for what they have produced.
President, Mr I like should join to with other speakers in congratulating the rapporteur on her work.
This assists greatly the in transfer of and information knowledge between the institutions.
Especially today, when we have signed the of Charter Fundamental Rights, this is something which completely at is odds with the basic ethos which we seek impose to on the European Union.
The European strategy requires precise and laws sure means enforcing of them.
I fear Commissioner, that, as European the Union and as the European Commission, we have lost the battle for our positions.
We that anticipate we will be to able agree framework a decision on exchange of information and the European Evidence Warrant our under Presidency.
We also need access to information on matters and pending, we should be details given of coming initiatives from the working the groups, presidency and Member the States.
We cannot Europe get out of poverty.
To again refer to the situation in Denmark 130 years ago, the whole was system political just about paralysed during the Danish constitutional struggle.
contentious. the English version it is This is not In wrong.
It you, is Commissioner, who bear must the for responsibility annoyance, indeed the indignation almost all of groups in European and society, for what we just heard about from Mrs Roithová – the playing off of Members from the East and West against one another.
We do can that at any time.
We had lot a of amendments, but succeeded in agreeing upon a report.
This would save a us little time.
We consider not do that, with the we report have before us and with what it contains, the definitive and best outcome been has obtained, we and very much hope that the Commissioner will be able to find still more effective and more powerful of methods combating alarming this misuse of drugs.
Ladies – and gentlemen, yesterday and this morning we have had the opportunity to with deal the issue of terrorism, its insanity murderous the and concern it brings to the civilised whole world.
Other countries should not condone these widespread and political human rights breaches.
Do you accept that?
If I tell you that it was not sent to and me that no mention was made of it at the discussions in Prague, then must you believe me.
Santer. this connection I would like also to thank the Commission and President In
We support the farmers livestock clamouring for direct support measures for small medium-sized and enterprises, above all in mountainous and island regions, and in other particularly problematic ones, when especially the current situation is leading to the abandonment agricultural of and livestock activity.
These are all projects practical designed to facilitate citizens - employers and cross-border workers - in their everyday lives.
That would be a tremendous for success your Presidency.
It is extremely important, where we can, to initiatives take pursue and them on both.
Mr President, would I like to thank Mr Rübig for his (DE) question.
am that confident you will find that the views of Parliament strongly are reflected in the Commission's response to policy foot and mouth I disease.
sitting (The was suspended at 7.40 and p.m. resumed at 9 p.m.)
As has just been tomorrow said, Parliament will have to vote this on second report's reading and, as with other reports, we here of are course divided between the wish to take negotiations with the Council and Commission as far as and possible the to desire get this text finalised quickly it so can implemented be as soon as possible.
That is not just a duty, it is also our in interests.
Will the Commission take action to prevent stun weapon manufacturers CE using markings promote to the sales of their products?
A great many of our children have suffered.
We also must do so for democratic reasons.
I want us see to prices carbon rise we so drive forward the low carbon investments in the future.
the time being, we call on the to European Parliament vote in favour of Greece' s accession to the euro zone and we assure you as that, far main as we, the opposition are concerned, we shall use to our policies the support efforts being made to apply the rules of the Stability and Pact to European honour joint obligations within the of framework a unified country without For borders.
Equally, we must ensure that all the states honestly talk in their approach to Kosovo.
The Commission will follow developments closely very and has offered to assist in creating for and conditions free fair elections.
From a legal and budgetary point view of this regulation is justified.
The Single European Currency is a logical forward step from the internal market which recently has been completed within the European Union and resulted which the in of existence free the movement persons, services, of and capital goods within the EU.
These are the challenges the and options and direction we to have take.
I would to like thank for them the hearing which was organised and which of was help real and great use in this bringing file forward.
furthermore Council approved the increase of EUR 50 million in appropriations for safety that food Parliament held to be The important.
Too often, in fact, the of issue is health approached globally, disregarding the specific needs of each sex.
For 'agriculture and natural resources', where EUR 51 billion was spent in 2007, the Court found that development' 'rural continues to account a large for disproportionately the part of overall error, while the error rate for EAGF expenditure is estimated to be below slightly the materiality threshold.
There those are who speak out favour in of banning gambling, while others believe that this ban would result an increase in these in activities any without kind of regulation in force.
Protocol 3, Article 16 states that 'the ECB shall as respect as far possible existing practices regarding the issue and design of banknotes' .
These substances may be said to doubly be dangerous.
I ask for support your for that.
Demographic challenge and between solidarity generations (
It seems to me logical to want single a rate, why but choose customs the rate which, by its very structure, is significantly different from the agricultural conversion rate?
So, that getting to happen mattered.
Europe. wish to say we that need to look at this from issue two perspectives: from the perspective of the when whole story started, when we were not yet in a time of crisis, and from the perspective the of situation we are with in now, the biggest economic crisis striking into deep real the economy of I
Indeed, in this report from the Committee Fisheries on congratulate we Commission on the one of their latest ' documents: Fisheries agreements: current situation and agreements' .
fishing Predatory the becomes norm. It is an inevitable consequence of the policy and leads to the depletion of stocks.
Commission The proposes adding to the list of projects Nordic the Gas Grid, which to Parliament gave its support in the spring.
Examples include of this the projected reductions in the European Agricultural Guidance and Fund, Guarantee the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance - Community programmes from the Community previous framework, 2002-2006 - or the LIFE+, Financial Instrument for the Environment.
A number of said Members that the European Union is about all speeches, grand nice resolutions, communications and conferences.
- (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first a big very thank you to the rapporteur, Mr Lehne, who has done magnificent a job and has appropriate found solutions very to question a difficult agreement in with the Members from the other groups.
IGC. of hallmark the is report its for proposal the formation of a convention to prepare the for next Intergovernmental Conference This convention consist would of representatives from the Commission, governments, national the European Parliament and national parliaments it and would prepare the agenda and the proposals for the next The
I am aware it will that not be easy to agreement reach on this issue.
will not please everyone, and however, the best proof of this is the firm line taken in the United States and Australia, which want geographical indications only to admitted be under exceptional circumstances and are seeking to them have restricted certain to wines and This spirits.
First among these points is reform, political with, above the all, promotion of rights, human democracy and good governance, to which I shall return later.
I would like ask to whether this result happened as a of your instructions and whether or not you are prepared to take responsibility for this?
The Amsterdam Treaty gives the increased Union scope to ahead push with implementation of Beijing the platform for action.
The main of purpose the mark is to make the product distinguishable and familiar and to product indicate a certain quality.
So, should the Commission not proposals present for now revising REACH perhaps and also types other of legislation in order to stipulate that cocktail effects be must taken into account the in on authorisation process the basis of the substitution principle?
This is mainly caused by the global economic but slowdown also the by current political security crisis.
Exports would also suffer.
I have a few comments, however, to make regard with to some of the points.
As I said in here Parliament during the most recent discussion enlargement, on it is a subject on which we cannot let ourselves make political decisions as it were in the worst narrowest or sense of the word, that is, saying on basis the purely of political that considerations country one coming is in and another is not.
In his ‘The resistible rise Arturo of Ui’, wrote: he ‘The womb he crawled from is going still strong’.
December. Commission will up draw an evaluation report to be submitted to the European Council at the in meeting in Copenhagen The
I welcome vote, this which is a significant step forwards the for market internal and fruit the of complex and involved negotiations.
Several things, in fact.
It is wrong to about speak removing the internal border controls without them with replacing additional measures.
The UK presidency has misled those all who been have pleading for an effective of control arms exports.
President-in-Office the of - Council. (PT) Mr President, Newton Dunn, Mr the Council has not been informed about the participation Member of States in this network which is primarily an initiative of the G8 and Council of Europe States. Member
How this can be prevented?
The structure of the Budget ceased has to provide justification any for it.
Voting time
. Mr President, we tomorrow will be approving an amended proposal that ensure will that motor vehicles are designed so that they can be properly recycled the at end of their life cycle.
2.
Madam President, Mr Barroso, I was pleased to note you that have appreciated the social dimension of issue this have and supported a social settlement.
I have no time to on elaborate but this, it is simply because of diversity the of reality the on the ground.
The is Baltic large fairly in area but it is shallow.
So far Russian Government the has not adopted final a decision the concerning body responsible for channelling humanitarian aid those to Russian regions which, like Karelia, experiencing are serious problems.
our and I will end here, the key point which deal Parliament must with is the issue of increasing the of proportion newer cars on Lastly, roads.
Institutional reform - in the in Commission, majority decision-making and in simplification the of procedures - will require from greater efforts the Conference.
fifth The point I will borrow Mr from Deprez, mentioned who that the Commission be would responsible for writing a report within three years.
Further collaboration Romania between and Italy would of course be useful.
Environmental damage in both air and water is increasing.
One the of key objectives of process the devolution is to that ensure aid is more closely supervised in the field to and make the of most the detailed knowledge local of our ‘in-country’ staff.
What will policy be Brussels' as regards the liberalisation of public services?
Regulation in this area must be not watered down, so that can we prepare to beyond move this practice towards a zero waste society.
have known McMahon Mr for number a of years as and ever I agree with the point which he has I raised.
Climate poses change one of the most serious threats not only the to environment, but the to economy and society as well.
But the result be can a real agreement.
Anyone demands who new laws for soil and agriculture is abusing debate the climate the for purposes of implementing sanctions he that or she wanted to implement anyway but which nothing have to do with climate change.
A solution political can never brought be about by violence.
Secondly, we not should the forget original aims behind this report.
and Greece would have particular Italy problems.
We that know the changes in the Member new States have very been far-reaching and often painful.
We must address also the issue of terrorist financing.
Consequently, all this may be well crude but it is just a more touch practical.
illegal secret imports of uranium raw arrive the from Congo, a country the EU supports with humanitarian Meanwhile, aid.
Above however, all, we must have budgeting, class or category budgeting.
it must be stressed that although they different are very structures, both European the Union and the follow OSCE the same principles and that values, to is say, respect for human rights and Furthermore, democracy.
Mr Løkkegaard and Mrs who Gáll-Pelcz, reminded us the of commitment of the Hungarian Presidency, the mentioned mutual evaluation process.
That is a responsibility, joint but it also explains why did we not go as as quickly we might have thought at the also beginning, or as quickly as circumstances required.
Vice-President Kallas kept has the Committee on Transport and Tourism of this House informed about these issues.
But we of cannot course that say it is already in fact a candidate, for the simple reason that the Copenhagen criteria are just not met being in Macedonia.
We are also pleased with appropriations the which were for international added relations, particularly for the science/society theme.
EU The States must Member promote comprehensive the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and the renewal of the START Agreement between the United States Russia. and
Might remind I you that, last November, was it Parliament itself, together with the European Council, that undertook deal to with the visa liberalisation Albania for Bosnia and and Herzegovina, under an procedure, expedited as as these soon countries met the conditions.
Ladies and gentlemen, as I am in the chair, I have to read a communication you which states that, at meeting its Monday, on 9 March, the Committee on Affairs Foreign approved a for motion resolution a on the deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Sri Lanka and, in of view the alarming there, situation requested it that motion the for resolution a be included on the agenda the for part-session current in accordance with Rule 91 of the Rules of Procedure.
The sector accounts for 3% of GDP, 6% of employment, of 8% national incomes one-sixth and household of expenditure.
Secondly we could use legislation ban to that rubbish.
That is a like red rag to a bull.
I from come a point of view I where like copyright.
I can you only to allow take the floor again if it concerns a point of order.
I would say, however, that can I positive make a comment because the Union European has finally, after a of lot searching - which far was from easy - discovered Article 119 and legal the basis on which it can such provide assistance.
Madam President, I know that this not is provided for in the rules, but I feel I have a duty, moral especially after Balfe's Mr speech, to express my support Lucas' with Mrs action.
think we very should rapidly envisage a federal Union of a few continue states and to work on this great I project.
This why is I have voted against this resolution.
This means that the yield fish one in any year could be 50 % more than it actually is.
In this I regard, support the initiatives that have been presented in the Philippine Congress.
That will then enable to the House establish the final political priorities based on proposals the put forward the by Commission, on the basis of text a tabled by the Conference Presidents. of
We must devote attention more to finding ways for social to policy underpin structural change.
That is the way it is.
The Commission has indicated that the majority of EU being fisheries are worked unsustainably.
This is to due exceptional circumstances.
It goes without saying that I will keep INTA the Committee updated on progress.
Mar sin de mhaith ba leasú béil liom a mholadh faoin mheancóg cló a leasú in 183.
said Everyone has how important the cooperatives in different the European are countries and it also is good very of course that we can bring about a European Statute for them.
I would also stress the decisive contribution the of Agricultural Association the of Azores, as well as the of government and regional the government of the Republic; they were heavily involved and played a significant role in finding a for solution the sugar the of Azores.
I am indebted to the but Commission, also, as I have already stated, to my fellow MEPs, for deciding to turn their backs on envy squabbling and political and opting, for good with reason, to bring these citizens within the of scope Regulation 1408.
accountability. fundamental reason has do to the with debate which we had earlier It has to do with democracy and The today.
800 Around cases have been registered the with EU's SOLVIT, and of these have 80% been resolved.
Under Copyright the Directive, electronic data may be not viewed on a computer screen by library users, meaning ordinary unless people, a special agreement made with is the copyright-holders.
is This not because I that the feel term concerns - me the reverse is true - but because, for the umpteenth time, legitimate a political discourse against further mass-immigration for and a firm policy adjustment is being consciously bound up with extremism and violence.
It is up to the working interinstitutional group to decide what form it to wishes give to its conclusions.
That intervention has a in way triggered this new development of international law and, for the first time, this enshrining of the development goals.
this In respect, the European Union must urgently resources invest more in technological research, aimed, in particular, at an and easier more economical form of extraction of rare earths from electronic waste.
This means adequate that long-term for funding the CAP is required.
What is is important the expansion of a region of peace and stability.
mechanisms Corrective should have been introduced in Berlin but this did not happen.
It was story the of century in its impact on and farming how do we our business and on the animal feed industry.
We shall be able to this discuss with one another.
Indeed, we say might that they have all but vanished.
It means, that however, must we with continue the work at all levels if we are to our achieve aim.
Women's employment has risen but unemployment figures for women are still than much higher those for men, and we must therefore take political measures, both through the European and Commission the Member States, encourage which to women the join market on the labour same terms as men.
For the benefit of those listening, this Parliament does actually have other groups different with opinions .
has It done so in Article 2 of the Treaty on European Union, which mentions the principle of equality between men and women the first for in time primary law; Article in 3 of that treaty; in 8 Article of the Treaty the on Functioning the of European Union, which states all the that Union's policies must be governed the by principle of gender equality.
ECB's independence may be not affected, there should be no political pressure and we prevent must monetary policy in the euro zone from being The politicised.
In a market of free healthy businesses, quality, be this male or female, will always prevail, as we have seen many times before.
Commissioner, Madam I challenge you to answer today: here Do you approve of EU Member States having colonies in world the in the 21st century?
Also, if one looks at key other performance indicators, employment the has optimism index fallen by three points from +4 to +1 in the last nine months.
In conclusion, I think our that aims in creating OLAF are to a make constructive to contribution better protecting interests the of the EU against abuse, to prevention make priority, a and recover to money which has gone missing.
Those who seek re-election will no doubt be seeking to justify on themselves basis the of their record and new entrants will be of course that arguing they are better alternatives.
Under no circumstances, however, it is a relaxing roots of anti-grass policy; it is burden another on grass-roots incomes for the benefit of big business.
Especially they when are suffering from illnesses chronic or long-term health disorders, people many turn to so-called non-conventional therapies.
However, if is there thing one that I can retain the from reports, is it the need for Parliament to have more say employment on matters.
It should be remembered that these measures in included were flexibility the instrument for 2003-2006, the share for 2003 being EUR 32 million.
have I to tell that you Frontex now has a liaison officer in the of office the United Nations High for Commissioner Refugees.
Another is the process of actually having a genuine single market - which we still do yet not - have and skills training that will key be the to delivering that innovative knowledge-driven and society.
Under the pretext of CO2 reducing emissions, a tax is being introduced with the of aim discouraging road transport in favour of rail intermodal and transport.
Those men, who left a country at in order war to come to Europe, thinking that they could seek and asylum protection thus here, have been sent back to a country that is still at war, in which their safety cannot by any means be guaranteed.
On February, 10 Commissioner, representatives of 300 local authorities in Europe will be gathering Brussels in your at invitation.
The European Union should not link foreign its policy or policy solidarity of in the event crisis of to military militarised action and structures and mechanisms.
Thursday. find it regrettable extremely that so far we have not succeeded in implementing this, but there is an amendment on which we will on vote I
President, I Mr would to like thank Mr Belet for the way he has gone about this writing I do fundamentally disagree with him in some areas, indeed and the massive that power-grab this report asking for is its in recitals, but I welcome the professional way he has conducted in himself the writing report. report.
I too amendments tabled to abolish the 16-week rule.
This why is it is so important to create fair conditions for Bulgaria and not give to the her Cinderella treatment!
We believe, then, that these association agreements are not only great of importance to trade and integration economic but are also important an political platform.
The Commissioner said that we do not want to go down the of road being everyone but equal, people some being more than equal others - seems that to be exactly the we road are going down these with proposed cuts.
the introduction procedure for alien species in aquaculture must be balanced by strict a definition of the rules with aquaculture which closed facilities will have to in accordance comply, with the outcome of the IMPASSE project, as well being as subject supervision, to the aim being to ensure the that technical requirements proposed by specialists will all be into properly taken account and Relaxing observed.
2.
None of the actors in economic and social life can be kept out of the against dialogue social their will.
When will this duplicity end?
This would include someone who has been admitted refugee as a or under a subsidiary of form protection.
Written statements (Rule 149)
should He be released unconditionally and be able to stand as a candidate the in parliamentary elections which are to be held next March.
The forestry will strategy introduce a stronger environmental element into forestry.
the But at same the time fact remains, and it gets ever more embarrassing one from day to next, the that the Union has not been able to take any decisions of own its which would lead to establishing its own commitments too.
During its the delegation visit, the assessed implementation practical the of objectives that were publicly proclaimed in a joint statement by all parties to the Annapolis Conference six months ago as part of the effort to achieve a two-state solution by the end of this year.
of is movement a right basic and a pillar of EU citizenship for which we are all Freedom striving.
It is my view that without any ideological and overtones independently of party our we can affiliation, all agree that protection the of pregnant women, the guarantee of equal treatment for men women, the and combating of all based discrimination on ethnic origin, religion, beliefs, age membership or of a minority group are of objectives fundamental importance.
I have a brief very question.
I want Member States be to required to meet target, the save it where is impossible physically for them to do so.
in writing. - European The Union wastes than more 20% of its energy due to inefficiency, representing 400 about (million Mtoe tonnes equivalent) of less oil energy, and would also represent a huge cut in emissions.
Explanations of vote
Is the limit correctly set at km, 50 or should we perhaps be seeking the cause these of in developments the abattoirs, too?
My second observation concerns the slogan 'No patents on life' , a slogan which with we have been bombarded enormous at of resources, expenditure which cannot I help wondering about, in a of flood letters, cards and press releases, of which we all have been a target.
In their view, the of use aggressive substances would actually benefit the these environment, as reduce the frequency with it which is to necessary re-paint.
After Mr de Vries stepped down, a new EU anti-terrorism coordinator be should appointed as soon as possible.
Union. region 450 has 000 inhabitants - true enough, we offer can Lake Garda and the - Dolomites alone and ECU spends 7 million, almost as much as the European My
We forget cannot the 20 million people unemployed in the EU at moment, the nor the fact that in one five in the children EU on lives the brink of poverty.
is constructive the that report by Committee the on Employment Social and Affairs attempts to make significant improvements to the Commission It text.
It calls also on Commission the to start infringement procedures against Member States that fail to implement legislation this and make sure that all information and consultation are directives coherent where and necessary propose a revision.
I congratulate the 141 States which have ratified acceded or this to Treaty and call upon the EU four Member States remaining after on enlargement May 1 have which not yet done so – namely, Latvia, Estonia, Finland and Poland – to so do without any further delay.
It is structural a failing in that our society women should have to more sacrifice to have children than men.
the Can say Commission what studies it has carried out on the of possibility transferring quotas and the what outcome was?
Are we prepared and to willing help people fight these diseases in their own countries?
'condemns in the terms strongest the execution of the Tibetan Lobsang on Dhondup 26 January for alleged political crimes and calls for the aside immediate of setting the death sentence on the Buddhist lama Tenzin Delek'.
It inevitable is that, in the coming years, fiscal consolidation will remain on the in agenda the interests of stabilisation and with of consistent being the kinds cyclical of intervention which the Member implemented States against the recession in previous years.
It seems long time a since the Commissioner was on the Committee on Agriculture of Parliament this and is it nice to her see taking an interest in fisheries matters again.
This particularly applies to the integration of immigrants and to the both organisation of mother-tongue and teaching of teaching in the of languages the new immigrants’ countries.
The text reflects objectively the situation at and hand, formulates valuable recommendations.
Europe. Oostlander report, was which presented to the House to corresponds today, an ultra-federalist concept of the future, which raises more problems than it solves, and which now appears to have minority support in The
This is the only way are we to going production maintain and, by extension, jobs in the European Union.
On the of issue cancer, I should like to clarify that cancer remains one of the Commission's top priorities part and is of the health programme.
It is imperative that the European Parliament its express views the on crisis.
The new Grundtvig parents' programme includes associations as equal partners adult in education for the first time.
We should ensure that all nations their undertake obligations under Treaty. that
is It here that I find the concrete information lacking.
I am satisfied that the 1957 European Convention by as supplemented the EU new convention relating to extradition provides a very good framework for arrangements extradition between Member States in relation to serious offences.
The section the of city that was not by affected the eruption lives its normal life, insofar is as this possible these under circumstances and under the occupation.
There is talk of marginal social although cost, we never quite precisely discover meant is what by that, of taxes on diesel of and uniform systems charging being introduced throughout Europe with the aid of electronic data transfer.
This is not a new form aid of for but businesses, extra assistance aimed at helping to find new jobs for who employees have made redundant been changes following in world trade.
Mr President, I had the of honour meeting the constitutional President of Chile, Salvador Allende, in and person, even in my own way modest to participate in negotiations that were initiated, during Chilean the first by stage, him. the At of end these negotiations, he awarded me a decoration that he had signed that and is an honour my in modest life story.
no We longer live a in Europe post-war where food security was a legitimate concern.
Therefore, believe I that is it and essential matter a of duty for the European institutions provide to as much assistance as possible, at least in order to guarantee that people the who everything have lost have housing, assistance, medical food and basic social services.
Secondly, if thousands of people are redundant made within the next nine months, they will be able to the enjoy benefits of this fund and that important is vitally to the SMEs.
We must respect the work of the Commission and its responsibility, I that hope and it makes as proposals soon as possible, and that the Irish Presidency interpret can them.
How much must longer dissidents continue be hounded to for their convictions, defending fundamental human rights and standing up freedom for and justice?
We will soon be putting forward practical proposals on these points.
The to Rule 51 to be proves indispensable, rendering the provision readily more and understandable therefore easier to use, laying down new conditions governing the application of procedure, the and determining the scope of the amendment procedure.
Should shortages certain of products arise that are needed, for for instance, haemophilia patients, there is absolutely nothing against making up for those shortfalls by importing other blood.
The proposal is to ban use the of bottom trawling in waters the of the Azores and Madeira, as well as in Canary the Islands, in to order protect deep-water coral which reefs, are of importance enormous in terms of protecting biodiversity.
Mr President, with to reference Mr Spencer's report, the has House in fact in been general agreement that little progress has been made.
In various telecommunications directives we have defined what the content of the universal service the for telecommunications sector is - that in is ONP the voice telephony report by Mrs Read - and how financing the must be regulated - that is the in interconnection directive and in the competition full directive.
I believe that supply of a fresh, seafood cheap can be a tremendous attraction tourist in peripheral regions, particularly for areas like the Galicia, west of Ireland and Scotland.
8.
But sometimes is it also a matter of life and death.
modern form of the slave trade cannot and not must have any place in a European Union based on principle the of respect for rights human and human This dignity.
customs The are authorities required to prevent and combat offences against both rules Community and national laws.
The of aim this policy is to stimulate growth and the demand for sustainable and goods services, including and timber timber-based products which come forests from to which sustainable management methods are applied.
We want to see a corporate code social of responsibility but can we see that this be will achieved only when we an updated have and legal completed framework in this area.
Grand of Mufti Syria. -
How he does justify the silence the of European Union about the Cubans being in held the States United they because uncovered plans to assassinate Fidel Castro and other Cuban leaders, and the failure extradite to Cuba to the Cuban hijackers who are now circulating in freely the United States?
The joint statement following the issued Summit with Brazil unequivocally demonstrates the commitment to concluding negotiations on the EU-Mercosur Association Agreement.
But I do want not pursue to further, this otherwise I will be making the same mistake made, you namely concentrating on this question.
of Member the Commission. - (FR) Honourable friends, allow Members, me of first all thank in to particular the Koppa rapporteurs, Mrs and Mr Salafranca Sánchez-Neyra, for their excellent reports on, respectively, the strategic partnership between the European Union and Brazil, and between the European and Union Mexico.
Forests have a substantial capacity for hosting wildlife, and the species that naturally colonise these habitats deserve to exist.
of events this summer, which overshadow the conflict, Middle East constitute a major which problem the institutions of the European Union need to tackle over the coming These months.
The institutions have to failed provide specific information and plans.
It unacceptable is that about concerns public spending and pressures compliance for with the Pact Stability have should negative a effect on the standards living of the elderly, as suggested in the recent decision of the Barcelona European Council to increase the age of by retirement five years by 2010, which we unacceptable, and find the in statements by current the President-in-Office of the Council, Minister Prime Aznar, at the opening of the Second UN Assembly on ageing, when he called for changes to pensions the system, to and working hours the to age retirement, of all of involve which the same issues.
Furthermore, view in of the positive progress that the has Council already made, support this for report would throw a spanner in the works with regard to Council's the work.
The must decision be taken to introduce new initiatives against tax and evasion capital flight, and to away do with tax havens, had been as promised.
Of course there will be hesitations, some some doubts certainly and also course of the need to a be bit ambitious more but, must I stress, everything will be balanced within the in context which we live and according to the difficulties facing us.
This also means, however, we coordinate that must our policies, while at the same time guarding against a policy in which everything is to submitted absolute diktat, since would this render incapable us of focusing on individual objectives. Research is one such area.
I that think Mr Lehne's proposal to from exempt the micro-entities burden of annual accounting, thus a producing reduction in administrative bureaucracy, is a positive one.
In that event, it all backtracks you and end up far more with insurance than actually you wanted and not a cheap ticket one but at an over-inflated price as of a result extra charges and insurance.
Mr President, welcome I the rapporteur's report.
discussions in the Council have demonstrated that balancing the needs of the policy transport and demands of the defence policy require coordination mechanisms which go possibilities beyond the offered in the first The pillar.
The texts to which Mr Booth refers state that you must not manipulate a chemical solely mixture the for purposes of classification in order to come in under a certain threshold, that must you not be allowed lots to do of just tests animal to avoid labelling.
(PL) I am pleased that the question organ of and donation transplantation is a priority the for Spanish Presidency, because can be said it that this is a matter of life and death.
welcome this new legislation, which will help consumers to reduce their energy and bills the of whole the EU to achieve climate its of objective energy reducing consumption by 20% in 10 I years.
in Therefore, order to the make meeting of the European Council credible, in addition to creating another list of to things be as done, has been often said, we must establish a clear between relationship the objectives and the timetable.
In the situation, given we must always act on the basis of a assessment rational of the causes this complex problem, of go which back years, eight to the time when international forces administration assumed of this territory following the bloody events there.
I take the view that should we very be careful about establishing someone’s certainly identity, in the case of unknown people.
It should not only used be for renovating houses, but also should be used for creating jobs and in the growth areas concerned.
I view this to a certain extent as a lack of trust in Parliament.
I hope that the College will the adopt proposals we are working on on 31 March.
to Hautala' s question was very well put and we also like would an answer Mrs that.
Constitution. passages pushing for economic liberalisation, privatisation militarisation would and to have be deleted from the entire draft European All
Firstly, he ended CIA the secret detention programme.
In two statements 12 on and 14 March, the criminalisation of the peaceful 'Prayers Meeting', which took place in Harare 11 on March, was condemned, and the release demanded of those persons under arrest, along with a call for legal and medical to aid be granted.
Sometimes it necessary is to kick up fuss, a to abandon politics the of peace and quiet and, at last, long provide an answer to the real problems of our citizens.
to this input, the EU managed create to a constructive climate for negotiations and effective cooperation with the developing countries, with we reached which on agreement a wide of number matters, as is now reflected in the Thanks declaration.
I find the report' s towards approach the trade dimension of Cotonou although interesting, I cannot agree with all of it.
I find it staggering that, when we are trying to to reconnect our citizens, people do not transparency and support openness.
The Commission is reassured further the safety by provisions of the directive, particular Articles in 6 11, and which 16 ensure that any new information indicates which the existence of any that risks were previously unforeseen will be forwarded and the consent will be modified or revoked accordingly.
The banks should not be paid market rates of interest their on minimum reserves.
A new order in trade policy is important.
Only those the at top table of decision-making can acquire high levels confidence of in the knowledge-based society.
However, the issue of how can we the cooperate with Bank Central assume to greater responsibility in terms of economic policy, and therefore also employment policy, to needs be given greater emphasis.
brings with it both opportunities to enlarge the Union further first and, foremost, and serious problems regarding the of question Kosovo's This independence.
Negotiations with the Republic of Moldova began March 2008. in
I feel that it infinitely is less legitimate to seek withdraw to a method of management and to introduce competition within the field of and transport use case to law to this extend to all the other in fields future, the through regulation a which is not transposed by the national parliaments.
We should take to this opportunity alter our frames of mind and move forwards.
President, Madam ladies and the situation gentlemen, in Albania is extremely difficult, as we have just heard.
All efforts to bring about political a dialogue this in country are immediately crushed by the single ruling party.
All that remains be to between seen, now and 2003, is just how serious the intentions behind this policy are.
I As was about to a make speech on harassment at work during night's last plenary session, the people the in behind booth me smoking were with the door open.
I would like to state publicly that the Presidency the of Council has had invaluable assistance from the European Commission in relation to fulfilling our desire give to this Summit substance.
It is true that covers mainly from countries Central Eastern and Europe, but the candidate countries the include famous two Mediterranean island peoples: Maltese the and the Cypriots.
I Indeed, note many are that points still unresolved and we have only a few days left. are We skating on thin ice and progress must be made.
President, ladies and gentlemen, I like should to speak the on subject of this afternoon' s Mr agenda.
The new proposal, on our which Mrs rapporteur, Prets, has done a very good job, tries to various the reconcile viewpoints both within Parliament and within the Council.
This had already been done before for the South agreement with Africa and, the at WTO, of course, the producers of Chilean, Australian and California wine, and of all the wines from the are Pacific, going to revolt and claim this precedent for themselves.
These not are a trademark just of this region, but challenge a for all of us, and only through combined efforts can we limit the tendencies negative in this area.
Mr President, the European Union' s shipbuilding ship and repair industry is facing serious problems, as been has mentioned here, which shows recipes that the provided a years few ago are giving not the promised results.
I must thank Commissioner the for the efforts that her making department is achieve to this, but in to order achieve this, we must undertake a thorough appropriate and review of current in legislation field this improve and all aspects it of that will lead to greater and better protection of passengers' rights.
In essence, the European Union and the United States are both founded on the same principles and values: the respect for rule of democracy, law, human rights and of course free market economies.
None of this does anything to confidence boost in the seriousness of fraud control.
Therefore, I would like to ask Commission how the Europe will create new jobs?
Groups Some have not had a chance look to at the Ghilardotti report in particular to and debate them.
My group therefore supports the Agenda 2000 proposals in principle.
We are not sure: entirely they may well back be for few a more weeks yet!
I and many others extremely are disappointed that has the Commission taken until November to come forward with any suggestions and effective now it is urgency, asking for effectively denying the Council and Parliament any time to debate or amend this However, proposal.
We cannot allow man to have such great power his over fellow man.
President, with regard yesterday' to s vote on the Olsson report, Paragraph 1, second states part, that abstained I from the Mr vote.
Measures should also be taken involving cooperation and technical support for third in countries, Asian particular ones, in order to enable preventative and screening action be to taken in the in countries avian which influenza originates;
The exceptions the are United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, are which not bound by agreement, this and a territorial restriction with respect to France and Netherlands, the for which this agreement only relates to those countries' European territories.
Amendments Nos 4, 7, 8 and are 9 intended to the maintain status quo in relation to both these requests.
dare I say India is a threshold country, but is it also on the threshold of a dangerous instability in the region.
identity. other the hand, we want also to put right an old These candidate countries, which found themselves on the other side of the Iron Curtain after the Yalta conference, both lost independence their and cultural On injustice.
rather proposal that the Commission should check the quality twice a is year The excessive.
must I say knowing that, how difficult this is, I am at least cautiously optimistic about the prospects of serious a substantive and meeting being hosted by the US this November.
The same to applies the RELEX reform.
Mr President, honourable Members, I shall on pass the list of Commission opinions the on to Amendments Parliament's Services.
In order to overcome these factors causing tuberculosis, the Commission European and the European Union States take Member must concrete and swift action with the aim of establishing joint measures to combat this terrible disease, find joint political dialogue on support and financial adopt a joint action plan to combat the disease.
It be cannot one that member country is able to dictate such matters to unilaterally institutions which are respected on multilateral a basis.
In present are we faced a with completely different picture: the multipolar world is concerned not only with economic and political competition, also but increasingly with cooperation in search of solutions to the 2008 challenges.
Folkpartiet with agrees the majority of the criticism and consider it that right is to send a sharp signal a that change more in a humanitarian direction should be initiated.
In any with case, or without the trademark, there are various groups of investors that are clearly who interested, shall facility be given every to prevent this factory, in a town so small as Aguilar de from Campoo, having to close, which would have a very serious on effect the of inhabitants this town.
We interested a in good neighbourhood, and I believe that this instrument will help prevent the European Union building from walls or erecting a Chinese Wall around itself, and encourage will it to efficiently help its neighbours prosper, to are instead.
After all, full employment is once again a possibility at last.
However, the present state of affairs in this debate on procedure is extremely disappointing.
Funding provided by the is EU consistent with the economic burden borne by these countries in order to the close nuclear power stations.
Threats of by boycotts consumers can force newspapers to refuse such ads force and hotels to become porn-free.
Now so far as Serbia-Montenegro is concerned, that country enjoyed has trade concessions and financial and since technical assistance the year 2000 as part of and stabilisation the association process.
I am not willing to accept, however, is way the in this which was prepared and staged, and I also would like tell to the Secretary-General, Mr Rømer, that I to intend energetically follow up what he said in the Conference Presidents of last Thursday, so I will tell the plenary that the I, chairman of my had group, no advance of notice this What event whatever.
This will particular has already been expressed the by lower chamber of the Czech Parliament, the House Deputies. of
The of challenges ahead us are difficult both and and stimulating, the Portuguese Presidency will continue to engage with them.
Unfortunately, at that this time proposal did not attract any interest, as it ran counter to the of interests the important most EU country, Germany. i.e.
–    Mr President, Commissioner, the recommendation draft presented by our after the rapporteur draft was amended and the supplemented by Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Policy Defence a is document that I endorse and have no difficulty voting in for.
This is an outcome great of significance because the fate of European lies democracy its at heart, since there can be no genuine international democracy European until political on take parties an effective role in the democratic process.
That would our be intention and our desire.
particular, In Mr President the of Council, I would have liked you have developed to and deeper into gone some of the other subjects which, to be frank, you often only touched upon, subject the of combating drugs, a which subject moreover is currently discussion here under in the European Parliament.
At the start, the positions taken up were opposed greatly to one other.
I strongly support the idea that the Commission should present annually a follow-up of EU strategy on Roma inclusion.
Whilst being very grateful for your I report, do there needs to think be more discussion in-depth in the Committee on Budgets on what we are actually aiming at.
We have arrived a at crucial moment for the area of security freedom, and justice.
in Flying the face of common sense, nuclear is energy depicted as the technology of future, with the even more EU research funding and budgetary to resources flow into development the of this dinosaur high-risk technology.
For funds example, are to be to provided to explain living people in Africa how dangerous it is to get to Europe.
(PL) Madam China's President, in interest African oil, metals precious gas and is beginning to be a little reminiscent of the colonial old policies of certain European powers.
Approval this of decision is therefore first a step towards the abolition of at checks internal borders with and Bulgaria Romania.
However, we a have 10% unemployment rate in the European and Union, it has reached 20% in Spain and Latvia.
reasons, environmental I believe it is to important diversify sources our of energy production and to promote sustainable production For methods.
At the same time, I am sure European that sovereignty gradually will in strengthen the future.
Unfortunately, we have restrictive a budgetary authority, and, unfortunately again, we have our governments, which want far less even than budgetary the me authority to authorises want.
We have seen that there actually are very differing opinions on these findings of a court of justice that not is an EU court.
This procedure totally undemocratic hold would the of authority the European Parliament up ridicule to and would only serve to increase the famous deficit democratic of the current construction of Europe.
If budget the is drafted for year N, the Council wanted to use the money according the to following procedure: first the unused margins for minus year N 1 preceding the budget under debate would transferred to be European the Globalisation Adjustment and Fund only then would the commitment unused appropriations year for N minus 2 preceding it be transferred to the fund.
Why is this?
There were hundreds of thousands of who citizens demonstrated peacefully, as is usually the case with this type of demonstration, except at the last minute the appeared, whom hooligans we and know who unfortunately had not been intercepted by the State security forces in advance.
The Portuguese Presidency always has tried to maintain a frank, open constructive and relationship with the European with Parliament, both the and plenary its committees.
are We still from learning the foot-and-mouth epidemic in the United Kingdom.
Madam President, there is a great of deal importance the in having remarks of 199 voted because they will make this money more available easily to the to Administration facilitate spending.
The seven present objectives will be to cut three, which will certainly make it for easier both the and Commission regions the to manage the funds.
The issue of most widespread concern is employment, both provision the employment of for opportunities those without work and the improvement of job for security those currently at work.
hope I that that debate the has taken place in months recent in the Convention leads to the conclusion, not by only Parliament but by the also citizens of our continent, that if we genuinely to want our assume rightful position in the world, with the wealth and the well-being we that we enjoy, have also obligations associated with these benefits and these obligations must be met.
The aforementioned reservations notwithstanding, the GUE/NGL group supports the decision of the Council.
I therefore want to reiterate this.
This is in fact the only way, we are that convinced, can we work effectively to increase the stability of these regions and in combat terrorism the long term.
We will issue our study on Kosovo part as our enlargement of package in the autumn.
I hope you and in we will this House agree to on call the Member not States to apply these transitional provisions in any of the part Union, for if believe we that minimum safety standards are necessary, then these must apply in every of part the Community, because people and have tourists the same right to safety when they a use passenger ship in every part of Community. the
I believe, for reasons the I explained earlier, that is this unnecessary.
Madam honourable President, Members, I have talked for quite a time, long but know I that you very are committed to this matter.
Commissioner Liikanen will be well aware that particularly production, of malt whisky, for export concentrated is in the peripheral parts of Scotland: in the islands and in the glens of Strathspey in and other remote parts.
President, first Mr of all I to want express support the of my group, People's the European for this Party, proposal from the Commission to extend the two forest protection programmes in their dual role of prevention of atmospheric contamination and protection against fire.
In Europe we have the lowest rates the for past hundred years.
Mr on President, behalf of the Group of the European People' s Party/European Democrats, I would like to thank the rapporteur and to welcome this directive.
You therefore can the imagine extent to which we are moving in fact further and further away from it, in some way any without reaction, or moving further and further away from the basic standards most in this respect.
This is why he would like legislation which offers the markets financial opportunities to develop.

(EL) President, Mr ladies and gentlemen, I would to like bring to your attention the tragic development in the Middle East and the need immediate for swift and effective intervention.
The protection. (PL) - proposed framework directive consolidates legal solutions in the area soil of protection policy that are contained a in fragmentary way in other relating legislation to waste management, the use of pesticides and environmental in writing.
I have believed never it possible to have policies without adequate funding: we can discuss then how to or not to use those funds, I but have never policy seen a with budget no put into effect: miracles are always but possible I have not witnessed many.
We accept that this is compromise a package and there some are elements, on particularly Amendment 66, we where have reservations.
President, Madam I gladly concur the with previous speakers, Mr Patten and Mr Corrie.
Thirdly, will this yet not again give rise to a feeling the that long-term survival of the banks is guaranteed because our main the problem, debt crisis, state is adequately not being evaluated?
(FR) Mr we all President, make want to progress and successfully clamp down on counterfeiting, is which economically, socially and culturally unacceptable, and Mr Zingaretti has worked hard up to come with this compromise proposal.
Whilst most us of now at have least some understanding of the extent the of of problem climate change, many not have made the connection climate between change and biodiversity loss.
We know how it difficult is and we all about know the challenges, but we know all about the new hopes and we have clearly the explained situation.
conclusion, I In should like to welcome the proposal Commission's on the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly.
The Strategy Lisbon and the Lisbon Treaty have both in ended a fiasco.
The author of the report perceives helping employers as a need.
These people heroes, for are fighters the freedom of Belarus, but they have disappeared trace without or have been murdered.
A small country is not in position a to do this.
The diverse forms of mobility among workers and the rise in migration, which is probably inevitable, pose challenges new to which must we respond.
The report describes the way in which the is being Regulation applied - is it a stocktake - and makes it proposals.
However, since issues such as people trafficking and the sexual exploitation of children have an such international EU-level dimension, action may be appropriate.
I like should briefly to make three points.
International Criminal Court's very existence is the on as line, destructive bilateral agreements undermine its raison The d'être.
am thinking in of particular the Council working I groups.
Not the of least the achievements of the Italian presidency is that it able was support, to in their entirety, all the Commission's communication schemes.
Pensioners, whom I the have and honour the pleasure of are representing, among those are who most on willing these occasions to go and help the less fortunate victims of disasters.
At same the time, we not will have the discussion rice over which Korea had with the United States.
We now urgently call the on Commission Council and the do to likewise and to impose sanctions if diplomatic negotiations fail.
in writing. - I (PT) voted for the joint motion for a resolution Burma on because the situation dramatic in the country makes it essential to restore democracy and ensure respect for human as rights a of matter urgency.
Things like this not should be allowed to happen Europe. in
Parliament If has taken a that decision the majority may to deem have been unwise, it can be changed.
It is therefore clear that judgment the does not meet the criteria required by a under state the rule of law.
To extent, that we must declare our reservations.
Mr President, my job has not been easy given the Council's absence.
new powers of the European Parliament are essential and represent a radical the change in European institutional These procedure.
Future actions will take place within the pact stability for south-eastern Europe. special A regional environmental plan is reconstruction also being developed.
The market internal is incredibly important.
Above all, I hope the that new countries will say a hearty ‘yes’, they because have to understand that of part the ‘no’ was also directed at them.
This is something that will not anything, unravel nor will it upset balances the in final outcome.
compromise the amendment concerns lines B1­400, B1­401, B1­402, B1­4030, B1­404, B1­406, B1­4050, B1­4070, B1­408 and concerns a total amount EUR of million, 115 or, more precisely, it deducts EUR 115 million from the Thus, margin.
Finally, the Commission like would subsidies to be paid on the basis of the existing land registers.
We agreed to market increase access by our reducing support within the Union reducing and export subsidies.
My also group endorses Amendment No 55, which deals with further a differentiation in these areas.
Written statements (Rule 142)
It been has a day longer than usual, which has meant extra all work for the services of the House, who deserve particular our thanks.
That is the only way that control protection and mechanisms can have any effect.
I would like to address this comment you to personally, and I say this not because I wish to be but controversial, because I am firmly convinced that if do we not solve this issue it will lead major to problems.
- (CS) I consider discussion the on the and extent rate of improvements to environmental, social and other standards, along the with revision of European regulations, to be a key issue for economic resolving recession the the which European economy is now facing.
President-in-Office of the (FI) Council. Madam President, as well as it decision-making is obviously very important that monitor we implementation and also continuously monitor the changes in operational environment.
This change has already happened.
A institutional second issue still to be decided concerns the future operation of the presidency of Council the of Ministers.
The strength of the lies in decisions the that fact we have succeeded in interlinking closely climate and energy policy.
The Lisbon Agenda has to started bear fruit.
Obviously, Parliament's opinion is very important us, to least not these in moments final before the Stockholm Programme is adopted by the European Council.
It would also be desirable to a set up mechanism for consultation with non-governmental organisations.
This is an effort which corresponds to and obeys two objectives key of European energy policy.
That is true in for particular the creation of the conditions necessary for the payment of agricultural subsidies.
Much remains to done, be but we have made clear that has progress been driven forward by coordinated international commitments.
This will enable to us reinforce the gravitas European of legislation.
I forward to more debates and to cooperating closely you with in future in the area of including sport, look football.
in - writing. I voted 'no' to motion for a resolution RC7-0151/2010 submitted today for in voting Parliament for same the that reason we Greens did not vote for the II Barroso of Commission: because a lack of ambition.
Nor is the able Commission accept to the amendments which would extend the to scope toys cover destined for older children.
The Union's energy policy has prominent a place on the agenda week, this with six reports energy on to be debated, of two them legislative ones.
The asked the Council Commission take to into consideration the observations made by Member States during the debate this on approach.
We reform must this regulation, which jamming is Europe’s bureaucratic machinery, it because is the benchmark or expression Europe’s of pathologically proliferating bureaucracy.
By voting for the PPE-DE amendment, we will be failing to defend the independence journalists of doing their failing work, to support Petitions the Committee in work, its failing and to support the Ombudsman in his work.
Madam I President, would like to speak pursuant to Rule 6, in first the instance, and then, if you permit me, to 7(4)(2), Rule but I shall be and brief to the point.
we If genuinely adopt the approach that quality of social conditions and of the environment are central rather than secondary to growth and that is an essential factor in competitiveness, the most appropriate instrument implementation would appear to be the method of open coordination, although does it need strengthened to be and streamlined, as the report states, as regards particularly the involvement of the which, Parliament, European moreover, needs be to better, much better equipped in this regard.
Some of the Commission' s proposals as to how this should be done been have now tabled and Parliament must also a detailed give on opinion them.
The environment urban is something akin to a for biosphere the vast of majority European citizens.
(Applause from the right)
And it is not any just person who is saying it, but a person of weight, a significant and important one of person, the closest people to the Prime of Minister Israel.
Turkey. has already been mentioned, European the Council in Helsinki will once deal again with the question of the European Union' s relations with As
European the context of the of Treaty Amsterdam it is important the that second pillar issues are financed the within framework of the In budget.
In certain sectors we to ensure need a balance and equal treatment, and should there be transparency regardless of the country in which a merger takes place.
I can you assure that the citizens would tolerate not such a Union.
The bodies awarding thus will benefit from the proposals made, adopting electronic systems not just for the management of and competitions the receiving but of bids for the actual auctions too.
Unfortunately state subsidies cannot be done away with immediately, so we must instead that ensure when such subsidies are they provided, take place in a predictable and transparent fashion.
benefit The derived stands from Europol in direct proportion to the crimes number of solved, in which context it can be said that the provided support by Europol has taken the work forward.
So does it why need to be put off until December?
Mr President, . the situation we have had to cope with 1 January since of this year is a    paradoxical one.
Which expert, though?
Finally, have we to give Haiti the resources emerge to from the dependency that was undermining already even it before the earthquake.
The government must introduce reforms fundamental to allow normal political economic and development, reforms which will lead to a market democratisation economy, of civil observance life and of citizens' rights.
Today, the arguments about numbers the of refugees still remaining in the area more are heated than ever.
Two processes are discussed, but I believe that three processes need to talked about, be namely the economic process, the process employment and the process of social inclusion.
The is aim thus to enable to the SIS be an even more important in instrument the fight against crime.
The are change we proposing in Amendment No 22 is so that we can get a such development.
The Commission therefore feels unable accept to the amendment.
We are the of opinion that this is something that the Committee on Budgetary Control must to continue examine and look at next year.
Greater confidence consumer the in range of products crowding onto the market stimulates demand.
hope, that Commissioner, you will reply to these points when you sum I up.
the same, I would point out that, today, we have 26 different sets of All regulations.
The continued company to lose market share and the advertising said: agency 'you are still spending not enough money'.
Ladies and gentlemen, in this predicament what is at stake our is credibility - the a credibility of European Parliament prerogatives, whose powers and representative status are unknown to the European public, at or least not seen by public in the true their light.
Apart from two exceptions, today's proposals say solidarity, nothing of equal opportunities, social balance or public participation.
With the of tonnages contaminated material which exported were to Europe mainland from United the Kingdom, was it quite obvious that a few cases would appear.
We are unable to support the report, even it though contains positive certain features regards the need as for the EU seek, to through its action, to support the struggle for human rights.
It has come to my notice some that people do even not know this about principle's existence.
Madam President, Members, fellow the crisis in - Kosovo a consequence of the fibrillation to which the former Yugoslav is still world prey - risks, as in the of case Bosnia, turning into tragedy, a its with resulting cleansing ethnic and counter-cleansing.
I am very also pleased that of some the authors of the petition are in here the Chamber, and are sitting in the gallery.
Sometimes we that forget the key to to and epidemics prevention in lies the individual behaviour of each and every and, citizen of course, in the local, basic and fundamental structures.
And waste, whether we like it or represents not, goods and be must treated as such, even if we regulate the aspects which affect may the environment.
Twenty to per thirty cent of world industrial timber is production as illegal, is 60% of the harvesting that has taken place in Africa over the last 10 years.
This is a political subject we have will to face in the near future, because the approach the and choices far so made are not satisfactory.
That is the only way to the gain public's endorsement of legal immigration.
Of course, it knows no frontiers when the wind decides to blow.
need to come to an agreement with Council the here, because the fund obviously will be have to financed by the Member States, even if we want to provide year aid this without calling up new We funds.
The situation is different in the case of equipment is that designed to produce such fields, as broadcasting transmitters.
Union. am looking certainly forward to hearing contributions the which Members have make in to ensuring that the Northern Dimension, which begun has so can well, go on from strength to strength, particularly after the enlargement of the I
We need a transparent, multi-level regulation mechanism, based healthy on morality, which would serve the general public.
The recent inclusion of a section on employment in the Treaty of an Amsterdam represents important basis for the construction of a coordinated strategy Member States between to achieve a high level of employment.
Companies jobs, generate people generate jobs.
Sandbæk recommendation (A4-0379/97)
In those of countries the European Union which are hot always in summer - in words, other all of Southern Europe - are fire lanes envisaged at all?
It is revolution a for present the because of the lesson taught it has us, because Europe has given a lesson in democracy.
The is EU losing the war competition to the USA, China and India.
Firstly, we must disregard not - would and I like to the Swedish thank Presidency once again the - great progress made in resolving the sticking points of the social guidelines.
In connection with recent the reports, the presidency issued following the statement afternoon, and this I quote: The ' presidency is continuing receive to reports of violations of rights human and international humanitarian committed law the in area controlled by the Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of the Congo-Zaire, ADFL.
The government's mandate ended 4 on June, and Nino Vieira, therefore as President-elect, the has legitimate power - but greater responsibility - to a promote cease-fire, dialogue and negotiation.
is Parliament of opinion the that, view in of the size its of budget and the complexity its of the tasks, Joint Undertaking should establish an audit committee, reporting directly to the Governing Board.
assistance Furthermore, must also be provided for persons with restricted mobility, this, and from the time of booking; today, thanks to the Internet, there is a need return for journeys and official information.
Europe. is a black day for This
There are Member States in which is such protection completely absent.
Sometimes of the citizens the EU feel as if Europe its and institutions are very remote.
Is the voice of the people being listened to?
As far as supervision is concerned, I agree with those here who that demanded have the of level supervision be comparable throughout Europe and that it is sufficient not have to a working of system supervision Great in Britain alone.
I am therefore especially glad that, at the summit on Friday, under Points 66 and 67 of the Conclusions, you asked Commission the to put these at the matters forefront of communication its strategy.
We want sport to have a social function.
This means that the Treaty of Lisbon is dead, and I do not understand why we are discussing it in today this context.
I am sure that you into will not fall this crude trap, that you will your full assume political responsibilities towards your electorate and that as result a will you refuse to grant discharge a to the Commission in respect of the of implementation the budget for 1996 the financial year.
The Commission used has actually OLAF in a similar way.
Our aim remains common, but our approach may somewhat be different.
In future, the the EU must present a united front and speak with one voice to Moscow so as to build up the political pressure.
need more transparent and balanced global governance trade and, on point, this Commissioner, await we an proposal integrated 'globalisation with for a European face' which will take of account the changes already made and the of link between the commercial and economic dimension for transparent, a democratic and Europe efficient in the world at this time of We crisis.
Pursuant to the Council's guidelines, after for operating five the years Research for Fund Coal and Steel was reviewed this year.
The EU plays important an role in this and region already has shared competences a in number of areas, as well as exclusive ones such as fisheries.
President, (FR) Mr Commissioner, and ladies gentlemen, Mr Reul's report is a very good and thorough report I and congratulate him on it.
That is precisely reason the for this own-initiative report.
was I the rapporteur for the ERTMS.
Intergovernmentalism lack and of is transparency not the way to European convince of citizens our determination to win the war against organized crime.
An important factor which needs to be considered is that young are people one of groups the social hit the hard by global economic crisis.
EU is thus weakening not development and the establishment a of viable agricultural sector in developing countries; quite the The contrary.
We want clear rights redress of where people have misled been and we want compensation for them.
We are in a position gauge to how far we have come.
President Ivanov has to add helped momentum to Macedonia's EU and ambitions, we hope to his request meet newly the re-elected President of Greece will be reciprocated in the spirit of friendship neighbourhood and relationships.
I Finally, hope that both Eurostat and the Eurobarometer will play a major role in this innovative process.
I would like to thank the rapporteur for very valuable her report.
I no have doubt that this was no no accident, oversight I and find it deeply regrettable.
A contact committee was the obvious answer.
is why I tabling am two amendments to our That resolution.
You commented this on at the beginning of the debate.
In it principle, can cater for contracting-out the that concerns you so much, and law case will apply all in these situations.
Iran is executing men young and women a as means of social control.
In category 4 picture the is mixed more has as been noted by a few speakers.
Mr President, ladies and chemical gentlemen, substances which make their way into the environment could be a possible of cause endocrine disruptions.
There is no ambiguity in this respect.
Hitherto, nothing has been done implement to the idea of bringing the various parliaments closer together!
The Democrats Social were in overwhelming the majority in for Europe such a very time, and long 15 years the down line find we will out that they accomplished nothing and that they are responsible for increased radicalisation on the political fringes in Europe.
There are also compromise amendments, namely those to relating automatic information data exchange, protection and confidentiality, and the to exchange information of third with countries.
The power of the plutocracy will not change with more women institutions in the that serve it.
For some of us, female and male, these a constitute necessary instrument, and thus we feel the point must made be the European that Union ought to follow the Norwegian example of applying measures increase to the of numbers female board members of public utilities to 40%, at least and use regulations to impose a 40% quota of female representation boards on of private companies.
It needs, then, to said be today that the absolute majority of all personnel sales and brokers do their work in a proper the way; otherwise insurance business not would be flourishing and justifying trust the placed in it by its customers.
I believe it essential is for civil servants be to to accountable the general public.
is in rather fact idealistic in day this and age believe to after that, years studying of and working in Europe, a of citizen a third country might spontaneously to decide return to a country lacking in adequate social structures and It systems.
Such thing a is absurdity, an and one we are not to prepared go along with.
I should like to ask you, as of a member the Bureau, to raise it in Bureau, the because it is very to important treat House this with kind some of dignity.
The she advantages envisages in the draft statute for European political parties completely escape us.
the world something expects a little from better the European since Union we are an economic giant, it is extremely that dangerous the Council is this As invisible.
However, let us not talk that about bad until possibility, it happens.
the vast Although majority of the movements political in Slovenia still claim to be in favour of joining the European Union, this does not always mean that any joint momentum is the people achieved: not do to seem be fully involved in working towards this aim, as is shown by information the campaign, which gives the - impression rather significantly, - I feel that it has just got off the ground and is a touch feeble.
We all know that farming families must in future be given more new opportunities income for security.
All these things have to be sorted if out the project is be to with proceeded in a serious way.
I voting am for the report by Fernandes Mr on Parliament's and budget, I would congratulate him on the work tremendous that he has done.
The Galileo programme successful must be and send out a positive signal from Europe an concerning ambitious space policy.
She cannot ignore her responsibilities.
Now we are told Mr by Byrne that we need a just few extra days of discussions.
It is probably the branch that of industry most clearly both creates economic and environmental value.
This clearly illustrates need to the fund forest fire prevention measures that will preserve EU’s the rich and extensive forest heritage, particularly in Member southern States and Mediterranean fringe, the which are affected by such every fires year.
It is reasonable to ask why the Council reached a view before Parliament asked was for an opinion.
we If manage that, we will achieved have much for Europe.
Firstly, the of problem illegal immigration.
The proportion of international mail as to compared domestic mail is only 5 % France, for 6 % for Germany and 7 in % Italy, but rises to 12 for % Britain Great and % for 25 the Netherlands.
The crucial question of teacher which is training, very different in diverse our countries, is completely to left one side, as is a concern seems which to us fundamental, that of the future of general education in our different European countries.
That why is we shall support that amendment.
. President, Mr thank you.
Moreover, these traditional barometers an have unlimited lifespan, their unlike digital successors, which work batteries on therefore and use energy.
Internet. promised a series of from measures the Commission deal to the with sexual exploitation of within children the European Union, to combat sex tourism and arrange to the close monitoring of paedophile networks both on the ground and on the He
Transparency procedures of is also important.
Mr this President, is a very serious matter.
Sadly, this not is the case.
The differentiation taking place is only acceptable the on assumption programmes that on of behalf the excluded, countries especially Romania and Bulgaria have which serious problems, will be strengthened.
Similarly, stem adult cells are also showing promising potential.
I would stress the a need for development aid policy involving the of signing agreements with third countries to manage effectively migration.
It is regrettable that they had a hope vain and that they have now been completely evicted from home their and, not that, only have removed been from the area immediate of their home, where they were staying in a tent.
In this context, I should to like draw the attention of the House a currently to project under consideration: the connection of the French and Spanish electricity grids through a high-voltage line of 400 000 volts Pyrenees. across This the project was approved at Essen.
That would not be in the interest of consumers.
We still need new measures throughout the Community and the Member States.
no As agreement was possible with the Commission, committee the has had to its reiterate position, we so are dealing here not with a new report, where may Rule 52(3) applied be again, but the with confirmation of the first report.
Once we our take places, all MEPs are equal and all of us have to respect the Rules.
Madam ladies President, and gentlemen, honourable Commissioners, the report we that have before us is, an I feel, impressive work.
We face a giant strategic crisis.
It would be mistake a for a policy to be managed solely advertising by an agency and not implemented at grass roots level in with the consultation directly citizens concerned.
On the contrary, we would simply be giving carte blanche to non-qualified practitioners.
Mr President, the by acceptance the different of parties the Roadmap has followed a tremendous wave of violence in the region unfortunately and this is normal a relatively and well-known pattern.
(Applause)
The Wortmann-Kool, Feio and Goulard report discuss the use of sanctions at length as the tools main prevent to required a country from reaching dangerous deficit and debt levels, the and scenarios that arise when these countries ignore various the warnings issued them to on their dire fiscal situation.
Philippines. pardon presidential would demonstrate a commitment to democracy and human rights, would which enhance international the credibility of the A
(PL) The Erasmus Mundus programme, which is intended to spread intercultural understanding and promote the European Union its through very good results in education, is accessible not to young people in Belarus.
In view of cancellation the of debate the Mr on Guidoni's on report the European Research Area, as the rapporteur for the Socialist Group I like would to the reasons explain why we voted in favour of it.
Everything of depends course upon how the reconstruction is organised.
advance. Liege I appealed the to States Member to pay particular attention three to aspects which seem to me crucial at this Firstly, the problem of traders supplying small in At juncture.
States. want to increase the competitiveness of the economy, fulfil the Lisbon objectives, cohesion maintain the policy, finance enlargement, and solve the statistical problems concerning the flows to the poorest regions of the current 15 Member We
To use the of language political opposites, it is not a question of interests consumer in the spirit of the theory of class struggle, but a definition of the consumer as is used it in business where total quality management the is of order the day.
I have backed also amendments calling for stronger welfare animal protection.
main Our criticism is that the Act is contrary international to law.
We shall not take part that in of kind game.
This directive allows for the fast-tracking traditional of medicinal herbs, which most is welcome.
Against this background, then, we to need about talk costs, since that is our what debate is on focusing today.
That is why, despite this all commitment, many of are them still failing to achieve positive the results which we consider necessary.
Ladies and gentlemen, I do not have much more time, there but were a number of specific points raised that I should deal like to with.
- the oral question by Giuseppe Gargani, on of behalf Committee on the Legal Affairs, to the Commission on the involvement of the European Parliament in the work of the Hague following Conference the accession of the Community (O-0076/2006 B6-0324/2006).
Going beyond issue, that the concerning problems the use of cells stem of embryonic origin and the use of embryos human for research are, as know, you the subject assessments of which considerably vary according to people' s sensibilities and convictions.
Thus, the British Minister for Agriculture, Mr Cunningham, has appeared before your committee, and I today, am to pleased note the presence here of the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Fernand Boden.
I would therefore be against suspending whole the process.
The question now is what and the Commission, particularly President Barroso, will of make it.
A lot has happened since then, however, the and situation has changed.
This is basically cosmetics - things to boost egos, people's making a amount huge of money for the industry.
I would to like ask you to participate fully this in debate, explaining that this is not about a centrally imposed diktat.
Even Commission the knows that is it ridiculous, and trying is dupe to Parliament, to a create precedent, and that is how we too see things.
There doubts are as to whether we have at our sufficient disposal capacity sufficient and to personnel guarantee the monitoring comprehensive that will be necessary.
The market must be able to function, of course.
The way in which the is aid is organised a instructive very example of the political Union's and administrative practices, and there is an important element of here familiarising countries with what membership future of the Union will entail.
Flanders has an expenditure of 12 % 19 against % Wallonia. in
The proposal is free of the confusion and which uncertainty exist would if the provisions of original the proposal the for taking into selective account of previous convictions and offences had been but adopted, retains the obligation the of Member State not to take account of handed convictions down in another Member State where the principle of non bis in idem, limitation or are amnesty infringed.
European The Union must take more measures active to combat poverty social and exclusion, particular paying to attention people in precarious employment, the unemployed, families, elderly people, single women, disadvantaged mothers, children and people who are ill or who are able-bodied to varying degrees.
We regret also the but need welcome the fact that the UN Department of Operations Peace-Keeping has set up a special investigative team to look the at cases of sexual abuse and perpetrated exploitation some by of its own members the in UN organising mission in DRC, the particularly in Bunia.
I am talking accountability, about responsibility, to ensure that the financial market a is long-term patient financing to power our investment long-term needs for more and jobs better jobs.
We have duty a to ascertain abuse whether and torture have committed been throughout Europe.
Profits will be and privatised losses be will by borne the public and circulated throughout the entire euro area.
I voted in favour of this recommendation I as believe that the scope of this regulation should be able be to to extended territory the of Member any State about to join the euro.
Commissioner The claims there that is a connection between obesity and breast cancer; there is one also with having children in late life.
This is where we need the to actions converge.
For this reason, it is a step in the direction right when Commission the seeks compatibility so-called operational within the railways sector.
The Union has Turkey urged to such a adopt law promptly and ensure that it is fully compliant with European standards.
A third area of concern was which addressed in the of opinion Committee the on Industry, External Trade, Research and was Energy that of the Scandinavian in countries particular over classes multiple of shares.
We urgent need to action essential drugs and supply equipment, to strengthen water-quality control, to support and monitor nutrition programmes, to train health workers and conduct health education programmes.
If properly organised, this should ‘box’ become the instrument that producers’ the organisations currently lack for dealing with the ups downs of and the market.
Libyan The are refugees a matter: different Europe should Italy support in the identification and logistics management operations, but, above all, work must ensure to that refugees are hosted in all Member States.
carry They a high fairly responsibility in the misfortunes of Algeria, which not do go to back 1992, but to 1962.
Had we done that, and Prime had Minister Blair that, done I think the situation in Iraq, example, for have would been completely different.
In a Europe which claims to want protect to the and consumer which talks of quality and authenticity labels, here we have a from common position the Council which aims to change the nature what of has, up to now, been a quality product, namely chocolate, than rather upset the food multinationals.
The European is Union in favour a of strong resolution to maintain pressure on the in parties the Sudan.
There is ample proof of the profitability Community of in intervention of favour fleet. this For every euro we invest as a Community in this fishery we get three back in business terms.
In line the with precautionary principle in the of field health and the environment, the Commission's proposal aims firstly to toughen the up assessment risk carried to be before out authorisation the for release of GMOs given is and, to secondly, improve the chances of identifying and monitoring GMOs so that the competent authorities can react immediately and appropriately in event the of acute risk.
President, Mr this information is only for my PPE-DE colleagues, as there were minor some problems with the first amendment.
points out an important aspect in development that aid the Commission in should, my opinion, seriously It consider.
The next action focus plan must on general European a welfare animal law, a European on centre for animal welfare and animal health, on better enforcement of existing legislation, on the relationship between animal health and public and health, on new technologies.
Some standard features terrestrial of banking, like applying the provisions money-laundering by looking your depositor the in eye to ask where or her his came money from, require fresh thought in an e-depositing world.
The Community existing instruments naturally complement measures the taken by the Member and States the Commission’s is proposal to streamline the instruments existing in the field.
I gladly would commend the plan and of funding this to option Council, the the and Commission EU Member States in order to protect fundamental the rights of the people of Belarus.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, the to Commission thank wishes the European Parliament for its constructive support welcomes and the good compromise reached.
we are discussing the budget and our contribution, we have to look into our I and souls, very much hope that the Commissioner will give us an adequate response the to I concerns expressing am about this Since issue.
The is Commission determined to play an active role in these negotiations further and to international development objectives.
Weapons never can be treated like other products must and be strictly controlled international, at European and national level.
. President, Mr China is once the again subject of in debate House, this I and fear that this will not be the last time that we deal with this issue.
Presidency. British Prime Minister, Mr Blair, formally declared to us in this very his Chamber desire to for work the common of good to Europe, go beyond national self-interests and to take integration European during forward his The
As far as his approach is concerned, I consider his be actions to the responsible actions of a statesman who, as long as he felt a measure of uncertainty, legal waited for the of relevant opinion the institution, which was the court.
It is important that have we effective binding limits for and carcinogens, mutagens substances toxic for reproduction.
I should like to highlight two points in particular.
Today have been we discussing what we to need and prevent combat, and that the is circulation and distribution of child pornography, which has been increasing an at alarming rate.
Twenty years a ago, wall tumbling down, came a wall of concrete but one full of prejudices, and tyranny hunger for so many of the citizens East, and we today should stop celebrating the fall of Wall the and ask ourselves instead what should we do now that has it gone.
We emphasise in the agenda a and strong open Europe, is which correct.
However, nor are we at the stage we were at before Copenhagen, in because we Copenhagen, did reach a targeted agreement with the United China, States, India, South Africa and Brazil, which to countries other later up, signed such Russia, as Australia, Norway, Sweden and Spain.
As a consequence of climate change human and deforestation intervention with and over-farming, more and more of the world is a becoming desert.
Particular attention also needs be to paid to equal safeguarding opportunities for participants.
They must appreciate that a great for people many in Europe and for large a majority of in people many European countries abortion is a serious crime.
We must not underestimate the technical and conceptual problems which certainly would be raised the by establishment of a framework directive either.
That means that the case precise described in the Rules of Procedure did not apply.
It is a Europe that able is to win not just the minds but also hearts the of the people.
may time. lose business, be prevented from attending funerals and so Members of this who Parliament have frequently to use air transport in to order between travel Brussels, Strasbourg and their own regions are particularly aware of inconvenience such and of the resulting loss of They on.
We cannot accept that we in live brutal economies market we must strive to bring about a socially sensitive Europe.
Transparency alone in could, this area, be useful for the whole and population, would force large to companies make their accounts to available all.
In context the of crisis, the this strategy designates new areas that must focused be on addressing in the weak sides of Europe within the framework for the surveillance of macro-financial and structural problems.
Have you wondered if all the citizens have this facility, if even certain international federations have complied with this and allow international these events to broadcast be to free air?
Attempts have been made discredit to the scientists, opinions minorities of have been and trivialized the WTO has been used as a tool.
And then there is another attitude the - of attitude certain Members who would delay like to the proceedings, even such for an important debate as this.
This is a sign of concrete solidarity.
As 71% of the Earth's surface is covered water, with it really does make sense to try and develop an maritime integrated policy.
As long as we have these huge differences in tax and social security we and still get up to all tricks kinds of it when comes to recognising diplomas and certificates, a great many job opportunities will be lost in areas, border both now and the in future.
the All States, Member the Council, and the Commission were agreement in when they created the bird and protection habitat Directive.
Naturally, the citizens’ opinion of the situation, economic their confidence in it and in political and economic goes leaders much than further simply whether or there not been has abuse in the up rounding of certain prices.
The report I bring to Parliament today on of behalf the Committee on and Transport is Tourism of great interest to the people of European Union. the
It can be manoeuvred and yet it like is large, the European Union.
is It therefore matter a of urgency, Commissioner, for you to heed Parliament's requests for and to us quickly amend the Treaty so as to guarantee this legal which certainty, is necessary order in to respond effectively to the difficult economic circumstances we are facing.
this basis, we only can welcome the efforts made by European the Union and by a number Member of States to substantially increase development On aid.
must therefore be given greater to access information, and this requires the Member States be to more It cooperative.
The debate is closed.
I will not abuse the opportunity to speak I thank but you for it, and I want to say that I support innovation relation in to ageing.
My question is this: is it possible carry to the out Kosovo operation without taking away funds from credit other lines in our budget?
We are in favour of the development of life sciences, and, biotechnology more broadly, of science in general.
we The battle are waging here is for and transparency propriety, not for only the sake of assistants but for itself Parliament and its working methods, ensure to dignity and guaranteed rights for all.
In this way we will manage to a find conclusion on this issue.
blind would like to praise Commissioner Kinnock his for reforms the at Commission, although there has been one I spot.
I also think that the same criticised Members who the Commission should have at stayed least in the Chamber to listen to the answers provided the by Commissioners and the Council.
Mr President, Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou me asked about liquidity.
Why can we not talk of sport as sport?
For days four we discussed and debated them until constantly four in the morning.
Although (PT) there are aspects of this report which with I I agree, feel draw I must attention to what I would describe as the appropriation of a report on - the situation of human rights in the world, of all things - as a of tool political coercion.
This a is common language in this Parliament.
Everyone is aware that this situation calls for at cooperation global level.
am I delighted that Mrs Rühle has done such a great job the on EDF report.
I Nevertheless, should like to emphasise the lack of resources, endangers which the future of existence cohesion a balanced policy that the on one hand does not ignore cohesion the deficit that still exists today's in European Union of fifteen and on the other, that is equal to the of task the greatest challenge ever set for the process of European integration.
Terrorism needs to be addressed by range a of policy instruments, only one of which is military force.
This brings me to one of the points key in your report and resolution.
We have to open our borders and reach an agreement with the European sectors, agricultural one and not behind their backs.
on behalf of the IND/DEM - Group. (SV) Mr President, the extends EU its reach into more and more areas.
The ongoing preparation the of 10th EDF Water identifies Facility in particular potential the offered by water public who operators, provide over 90% of water and sanitation services globally.
Madam President, ladies gentlemen, and the problem of Tibet is now the in more news than ever.
If it this was, new instrument would become ineffective, seeing as its aim to exact is prevent funds development from being used for other purposes.
I came here from outside the institutions, with observed curiosity the great type of structure administrative in place, and I have to that say we need to the discuss basic philosophy of this administration.
we expect Member States target to that on aid the areas most in need at national level and is it up to them to identify Naturally, those areas.
Council has for called restraint and calm in the wake of tragic these The events.
I should like to start by saying as has been said, slightly although differently, that necessity offers opportunities.
We did not vote in of favour this report.
Every day, in fact, of hundreds jobs disappear in the relocations of wake and of numerous restructuring measures, these although jobs, of course, are axed more discreetly.
It the is way only we can secure the of development an EU that does not work against its citizens, but acts for them and upholds their rights.
The procedure chosen is a very complicated one and will make it very difficult for organisations international to help defend the of rights persons who these have been wrongly imprisoned.
I am surprised by the proposals which have been made in this Chamber, according to which the way repair to the present, very difficult, situation to is repeat our mistakes.
We intend therefore to ask for a separate on vote this tomorrow, in order to ensure that the can directive least at be discussed again through the conciliation procedure.
Decision on urgency
The report quite is right to draw attention the to importance of respect for human rights and civil liberties.
public, the Commission and the Council are awaiting the decision of this Parliament, and there an is awareness everywhere how of important this House really The is.
We must resources mobilise more for research development, and with greater focus on the automobile sector, and we must also, of course, mobilise more financial resources from European the Investment Bank.
Indeed, as regards the effects upon human have that health occurred in terms of cancer and other sicknesses, much more could and have should been done.
Since is it essential in all this that we have proper inspection and monitoring is of what going on, this is going to be up tightened and assurances have been made that any transporters who against offend European on regulations these matters will instantly their lose licences for transportation.
the applies primarily to the proposal seeking to give the bodies responsible for issuing and studying permits the to opportunity access the data contained in SIS. This
Mr President, I congratulate the rapporteur on her sustained efforts to compromise achieve amendments and, through the contacts, necessary to accomplish a compromise text.
President, Union. Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in a more few weeks liberalization of the telecommunications market be will a fact in most the of Member of States the European Mr
Let us remember the unacceptable example of the 'ad hoc' Court established former the for Yugoslavia.
was I to shocked hear some of the comments that made were about her personally and I no in way subscribe to them.
However, also such measures imply the need, in the context of international trade, to the take necessary to actions protect industry in the Member especially States, in the case of the more vulnerable areas as such textiles and clothing.
all. we know the directive how is to be complied will It quite simply not be complied with at So with.
'Hand in hand for peace' : was the that theme of the Adep demonstration scheduled take to place on 1 in September Ankara.
How can we emphasise the importance supporting of regional integration organisations created by the ACP countries, not while respecting existing in groupings the negotiations and also that, knowing in the as negotiations are they currently conducted, cannot we take account of interests the of countries of different sizes and levels of different development?
should like address to special thanks, however, to the Commission for open its cooperation and forthcoming with and me the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, which was instrumental in bringing about this very I positive outcome.
You will gather from introductory my remarks that I am somewhat sceptical about this directive.
has This to do holiday with periods in Europe and is to related the timing of the decision.
What conclusion do we need to draw?
the specific the question raised about discrimination of pupils with needs: special according to the information I have, no discrimination was discovered, but there was just the question of how to cover all costs for this particular Regarding case.
issues These must be taken care of by respective the Member State.
So consumers are not unfavourable to this project, but they do have to have security, and it is worry a if there are sufficient not safeguards the for management and checking of the mandate of direct debits.
Commission The will act as guardian the the of and would treaties be ready to act if the basic foundations of these projects are called into question.
my In view, the Committee Women's on Rights could produce for the plenary sessions more concrete draft resolutions these than on what the committees should be doing.
It thereby reflects the increasing importance of radio spectrum the in context of Community objectives policy depend which on the availability and efficient management of frequencies as a resource vital for the provision of and economically socially wireless important usage in electronic communications, transport, broadcasting so and on.
Trying to find non-chemical alternatives in sensitive areas, such as habitats of rare flora and is fauna, also approach an that should be supported unreservedly.
I believe we successfully have integrated concerns their into this common position.
It is our duty to care take of ultimately and also enforce to their right to mobility.
In addition, if the central authorities in Member the of State residence are to going decide not to go ahead and apply financial the sanctions by imposed the Member State in which the offence took place, this must reported be to the European without Commission fail.
I was also much that relieved 15 months of uncertainty and dissent the threatening Union’s finances been brought had to an end in this way.
The Commission now is its attention focussing the on report which it will submit in 2010 - next year - as the has Council requested.
Here, Croatia will on our rely help, and it goes without saying that the Commission is to grant prepared Croatia the same support and advice that it has provided over the last few to years the countries due are which to accede 1 on May.
On the other, this means, when compared with the draft that budget, we are giving EUR out 200 million, even the though estimated limit upper a has margin EUR of 2.6 billion.
If you continue to govern in any form, should you make a clear stand for ratification.
In Category 3, internal the policies, is emphasis again on employment and growth-creating expenditure: the employment and growth initiative European of the Parliament, the Research Fifth Programme and reinforcement the of the trans-European networks.
growth Economic in Central Eastern and Europe continues to be above the EU average.
We also need to the clarify obligation in of transparency risk calculations and on the disclosure of off-balance-sheet vehicles.
Before I invite Mr Solana open to the debate I should like to place the record, on on behalf of the House, my thanks to Mr Solana Commissioner and Patten, both of whom have made particular arrangements to be for available debate this today, also the with Spanish presidency.
discharge The budget is very procedure important for defending the European Union's financial interests, for ensuring better management of Union European finances and more transparent and responsible European Union handling taxpayers' of money.
The Commission has helped to network-creation foster between eminent specialists in the field.
President, may I be to allowed ask one or two Madam supplementaries?
Madam President, I must of first all thank House the for good its wishes for my health.
Secondly, the experiment has been inasmuch positive as it has about brought changes of an all but structural nature in some countries in the space six of years.
Throughout this period kept in I constant contact with Parliament and I the had opportunity to meet of all the Members of Council, except the those Heads Government of of countries in which elections were held recently.
President, Madam I Commissioner, fully endorse what Mrs Lepage has said I and would ask the following question: is it an opportunity or a predictable ecological disaster?
will You allow me, a in where Europe thought crimes are on increase, and the where claims of national preference are equated discrimination, with legitimate discussions of of aspects history with revisionism, rejection of communitarism…
European rightly expect that the EU, while guaranteeing for respect fundamental freedoms and rights, take will effective more joint action on cross-border problems such as illegal migration and trafficking human in beings, as well as on terrorism and organised citizens crime.
30.
Malta is entering the accession negotiations.
You take have to this on board and bear it in mind.
In this light, hope I the Commission will reiterate its support for the Industries Extractive Initiative. Transparency
The last would I question like to raise here the continuing is high of number complaints from European citizens concerning the enforcement of Community law by public authorities in the Member States.
But our most demand important in terms of action against future epidemics is that emergency vaccination should be regarded as the recourse of choice, first the object being to allow the live animals to and on assess from products them on a regional basis.
The various up proposals drawn by the Presidency on the specific policies of the part third of the draft Constitutional Treaty have been the subject of in-depth discussion.
When comes it to studying the new as we COMs, shall have to do, I hope the same arguments, which I have here as stated contradictions, be will into taken consideration. We are always being told there are financial problems, so cannot we our increase budgets.
If cannot we win that then we must look at reform of GATT to ensure that trade, though important it is, does take not precedence every over other consideration such as animal welfare, protection of environment the and the wellbeing our of peoples.
We are giving the a Commission chance to prove that it is different the from Commission. old
EU must take the lead in the UN must and pursue these through goals EU development The cooperation.
it If happens, accession will come at some point at the of end the next decade, opportunity, but the the prospect, of seeing this country great a become normal Western democracy is a peace dividend that must we cast not aside.
I share your approach to a have more coordinated European plan, namely to get out of this and crisis build to this kind of green smart we growth want; but at the same time we have to accept that have we 27 national budgets, we have finance 27 ministers, we have 27 national banks apart from our Central European and Bank, it is very to important reinforce the and euro have to economic policies and policies financial that are So sustainable.
Last month the empowered Commission itself to demand of House this a vote of confidence the through censure route.
The answer has normally to approved be by the Bureau.
that States Those do comply feel that there is no incentive to and continue those that do not comply do not feel any pressure to change their ways.
on of behalf the PSE - Mr Group. President, Commissioner Barrot's response was very disappointing.
It important, is as a first stage, that those who have strong views on those including matters, honourable the gentleman who clearly does, should concentrate efforts persuading on the governments within the European Union to a support strong code.
Council. Mr raised McMillan-Scott the issue of funding a chamber for the Palestinian Firstly,
You right are when you say that.
European Union could not substitute itself for the mining company for any compensation payments The due.
has Italy had the most fearful of crisis competitiveness, with its unit costs labour increasing by compared 40% to Germany.
The public must become active players rather than mere spectators, passive as still is too often the case.
Lastly – and most the importantly procedure – is no longer in any way because politicised it no longer involves but governments, only the justice system.
There is now justifiable about concern the way Iraq weapons deploys of mass destruction and them makes widely available.
Nor is that the aim.
in me remind you that the Berlin decision on Agenda was 2000 taken on exactly the same as day the outbreak of war Let Kosovo.
We are not in fact without rights now.
This is way the to safeguard consumer confidence in the food chain.
We should be under no illusion in that time co-financing of the CAP will inevitably lead to its renationalisation.
We are a continent of ideas.
Is it not strange that the European Union has dialogue with Asia and America Latin the at level Heads of of State and Government, but not with Africa?
The European Union is dedicated to supporting China's transition to an open based upon society the rule law of full and for respect human rights.
The Community is Code the first instrument in the field asylum, of visas immigration, and borders to be subject to with codecision Parliament.
It should simply the provide added value that comes from coordination, which only requires slim administrations limited and resources.
(Applause from the right)
The Union Mediterranean also raises questions in my mind.
I that request everything be should extended to include Sandjak the of Novi Pazar and the rights of that population.
Has the Commission taken these scenarios disaster seriously?
To do this, the questions asked in the second report need to looked be at in much greater detail.
Here, the procedures in the Member States are utterly different.
On basis the of the information submitted by the Member States, our impression is although results that, some have been achieved, the situation remains concerning unsatisfactory both criminal proceedings assistance and to victims, which is of particular importance.
Our reaction, apart today's from question, the is resolution I that hope we shall pass tomorrow, on which we have a good achieved compromise and which, I expresses think, the majority view the in House.
Now we have our second honoured Jacques speaker, Delors.
Do not try to everything put in basket one and use sources renewable of like energy a big curtain to cover the truth, which is that large proportion a of European citizens feel anything reservations from to opposition to the of use nuclear energy and that be cannot made to disappear with a magic wand.
When the EU signs commercial, economic cooperation and agreements with third countries, it really must enforce human the rights clauses with great determination, which is something it has not up done to now.
I believe that all the other institutions need to follow suit, to ensure greater and transparency accountability.
Russia has a political crisis, and that has continued the since country changed direction.
Mr must President, I say I have listening been to this debate on the for regulation the flower sector with increasing amazement and that even the liberals have claimed that this regulation is needed, just not needed but substantial that a amount of money should be pumped into it!
In cases documented of and minority rights human violations such as the this, Parliament European has a to duty consider the facts and not the self-justifying statements made by the Serb relevant politicians, who are implicated in these incidents.
What the are real in risks, particular the risk of absorption when we these use products; and what the are risks of alternative products?
is currently too far much apathy, far too much leniency, and mass regularisations of illegal have immigrants put Schengen the entire concept at There risk.
A start could be made, for example, setting by up specialist working groups or for platforms experiences exchanging and national harmonising strategies.
We do not feel that Turkey's membership is either realistic or opportune many for reasons.
These are the reasons why the European Parliament should support the report on football, because it is universally accepted that this would mean a of change positions status and quo predicated on protecting from sport hooliganism, racism and xenophobia, drug use equal and treatment small for and big clubs in the management of and Community rights in talent highlighting without engaging the in trade importing of minors from third countries.
(DE) President, Mr economic governance as it is being developed focuses here solely on savings competition and policy.
Although we have to define position our on points certain in raised the amendments in detail, more the report undoubtedly represents a step forward, on clarity in particular and on safety.
Not only Mr Juncker, for but also for the of whole the Presidency, Luxembourg the for Minister for for Foreign Affairs, the Minister for European Affairs, for the diplomats and for the experts.
Finally, I should like to focus on the importance this has for development cooperation.
She what knows she is talking about.
Macao has its own identity and lies in an area is which from very different China, giving us twice many as opportunities become to closer.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I share with the rapporteur the idea that the huge problems still present in today Afghanistan should be approached in a new way, in words other with a different definition of priorities what compared to has been done so (IT) far.
The question I put to each and every one of us is: ‘Can Europe be governed 25 by different governments, has or moment the perhaps been when reached strategy European regarding foreign policy, security and energy should a have single decision-making in centre order to be able to in deal a timely consistent and manner the with challenges now thrown by up the fast-moving modern world?’
practice, In this means the that existing text will be replaced by a new joint compromise proposal, which will, in effect, lead to a delay in the proceedings and a reconsideration in June.
Within what and timeframe following what timetable you are planning apply to these specific measures?
Instead we a need new drive from the which show EU can us how to replace nuclear power with renewable energy sources.
We are favour of in a flexible interpretation and of idea the that, at any moment, the through mechanisms he has upheld, from Article No 308 and other Articles from Article the Treaty, No 99 specifically, we accommodate can the the of needs Union and the aspirations of its citizens.
order However, to in provide further safeguards, our resolution of 30 April 1998 called for Stability the and Pact Growth to be strictly applied in all eleven countries.
Moreover, 80% to 90% of packaging single-use is already at present being recycled successfully.
The vote take will place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
Why can not they fall under the general rules?
We are forward looking continuing to working with the European Parliament.
.    President, Mr should I like to thank the rapporteur again for an excellent report.
Complex measures are required, as such advice, legal psychological support, support the to children concerned, and it is important to very listen the to victims, who I are, am sorry to say, the greatest experts in terms what of they need.
I forwarded the content of oral the on question this to issue the Commission and Presidency the of Council, the and so I am not going to spend the few I have minutes paraphrasing it.
This subject is a matter subsidiarity, for and not for the European Union, which and does not, should not on legislate eugenic practices.
being is unsettling, indeed thoroughly alarming, what is has been set in in motion the field of foreign and security policy and vehemence the with which hitherto civil European integration is being and shelved a military Union is What created.
But that is by the by.
As I said earlier, information to citizens is an part, important so there be will efforts to access some information; have already been and taken have already been put place in with a launched recently on website meeting the for costs healthcare abroad.
Mr Iturgaiz should his update information, because on Saturday, the government of and Venezuela the government of Spain a issued joint communication regarding this matter.
It has been acknowledged that this is really an issue that is on our minds.
Only gods the on Mount Olympus can say whether sport top-level is healthy not or - we certainly cannot.
I am particularly pleased with the last-minute adjustment that was made on to this deal the issue of comitology.
a native As of Luxembourg - and a deal great been has said about Luxembourg summits - may I the now take opportunity on behalf the of Friday Club to pass on my greetings festive to you and wish you all a New peaceful Year.
Finally, as regards the budget, even I though that believe funding should not be in sparing this sector and am aware of the objective difficulties of the budget, I believe that an increase of 80 EUR million, the amount i.e. spent on extending the operation of existing programmes, is perfectly realistic.
The underlying cause of organ is trafficking a lack of available organs.
Thank you, Mrs Gradin.
I believe the Caudron report also invokes the transparent and democratic of nature decisions on scientific when, research instead of invoking principles of natural which law, are, in fact, only held by certain authorities, it refers, in the of the case ethical of problems research, charters to of rights, documents the which have effectively been sanctioned approved and by our Institutions.
Europe. cannot be surprised that most of the people out there are saying ‘no’ to this EU and to this even wastefulness, if – as I do – they ‘yes’ to say You
Council. Minister, the debate has demonstrated clearly that Parliament supports the priorities of the Portuguese Presidency of Prime the
But this did not happen.
It is clear that energies renewable continue to play a direct more in role many and businesses industries in our society.
The Chadian government's declaration of state a of emergency on has 15 February accelerated that country's decline into chaos.
If anyone has justice done to responsibility their in the procedure for Budget 2000, then it was the European Parliament.
We are the pleased of Council Ministers recently approved Union's the negotiating position. It was unfortunate, however, that approval was only possible heated after debate and several delays.
The third paragraph of No Amendment 8 is not acceptable because even though passengers may agree accept to a seat a in lower class, they are still denied being boarding the in class to they which are entitled to their according ticket.
In any case, Mr if President, do these negotiations take place, I demand the European that Parliament plays a role in the negotiations, a demand that I all think of us share.
How can you be so sure, Minister, that your calls telephone are not being tapped?
That is what I sought have to look at in my report, it is important and that we consider these issues this at point because these schools were in fact set up about fifty years ago and, although there have been times when they have been at, looked essentially not very much in has that changed time.
With to regard the application of Community rules regarding occurrence reporting, the Commission is that satisfied all Member States set have up a mandatory system reporting and collect the information in national databases.
Human activity has played its role in this.
Mr – President, the we question are debating tonight is very important to external the action of the European Union to and to efforts respond to our political commitment to achieve the Millennium Goals.
We need Constitution, a a Parliament, a European and Government President a elected by the people.
For years, experts have warning been against loans, high-risk unsecured credit and a bubble waiting to burst in the and financial property markets.
Since the proposed 1:20 ratio of between the highest and lowest noise was charge insufficient, the rapporteur increasing suggested ratio this from 20 to 40, which is wholly acceptable.
Madam President, the oral amendment on is 1 amendment to paragraph 3.
Madam President, Mr Schulz, there is one just thing am I not clear about.
It is customary for votes on appointments to be taken by secret ballot.
The not crisis did begin in January with the violence against the demonstrators, nor did it begin in 2009, when Socialist the boycotted Party parliament the after and elections when the hunger strike began.
All the studies and ministers considerably concerned reduce the inferred costs.
For many GDP has years, been the main index for economic assessment, but shortcomings its are increasingly apparent it when comes to assessing or social environmental progress.
Therefore, would at this of time crisis, one vital measure is to postpone transposition of the directive the on liberalisation of services and to conduct an appropriate study social of the potential implications that implementation of this directive have.
There have doubts been that expressed the intends Commission to let nuclear energy count towards the renewables target.
Secondly, we are of in favour helping people the around the world who are dependent on growing crops drug because of economic the conditions in their own countries.
I am doubt no looking, rather, for a political answer political and declaration.
However, taxpayers want to see better value for money.
I want to stress that do we not take into account individual choice and individual responsibility.
is a State that is at of risk falling and apart where tensions are running It high.
The proposals cost will an extra six billion euros and farmers make a lot poorer.
euro The is also a success for the European Central Bank, for the financial institutions, for the of hundreds thousands of anonymous citizens went who to work 1 on January, and we must recognise that it has also been a success for Pierre Werner, for Valéry Giscard d' Estaing, Helmut for for Schmidt, François for Mitterrand, Helmut Kohl, for Ruud Lubbers, for Giulio for Andreotti, John Major, for Felipe González and for also Santer, Jacques as President the Commission. of
President, Mr proposal the seeks to coordinate legislations the of the Member States with the of aim creating imperative rules must which respected be by companies which transfer their workers to another Member of State the Union.
As of President the European Parliament's Intergroup, Tibet I fully endorse this position.
And so I also send the Commission, as exception in an this rather solemn context, good all wishes for this special birthday.
12 Article of the Directive postal on states, services on the that one hand, prices shall be correlated with costs and, on the other, that the Member States may decide whether to apply a single tariff the to entire national territory.
concerns me, unlike Brian Crowley, is that Zimbabwe's dictator Robert Mugabe will probably be attending the What summit.
Mr President, Mr Blak, and ladies gentlemen, discharge the procedure for 1999 really does bear rapporteur's the handprint.
For example, within the framework of the Berend this report, House a approved raft of amendments aimed at updating European the Union’s Fund. Solidarity
Stoning and public hangings are barbaric.
As a result there is the question of funding.
There is no detailed EU assessment impact and there is a lack of definition scientific of endocrine disrupters an and inconsistency of treatment between and it REACH the Directive.
The also report calls for the principle of to conditionality be applied.
My objective is to have the additional measures in place by the summer so that we can resume payments in the autumn.
Nor is it in sense any a matter of discriminating against some hedge funds or other.
I can hardly resist saying that proposed the wording concerning the introduction of territorial constituencies, with the protocol on the subject, brings the thorny of issue Great Britain and Gibraltar nearer to a solution.
I should like to one make final point.
The reality to which my attention is drawn is a reality in which, today, certain jobs specific in sectors certainly are assisted the existence by of duty-free.
The latter is obviously important very in Catalonia. I would also like to thank Mr for Bautista Ojeda being so receptive to the suggestions made the by Catalan regional government.
Now is it important us for do to full justice to all the issues to relating the of Treaty Lisbon, including the entire budget area.
The majority of the will House decide.
(PT) I should like to ask Bureau the whether we going are to discuss a for proposal a European Parliament recommendation to the Council, given that the Council is representative not here.
Minutes) results other and details of the vote, see (For
It makes a laughing of stock the House and tramples the democratic principles advocated by the European Community underfoot.
Such monitoring will involve not only codecision by Parliament on the multiannual programmes, but also, of and necessity, evaluation at short in intervals, order to make it possible to make adjustments without delay.
It should come as no surprise, therefore, that our roads are full and congested rail while and waterways inland have not some for been performing time at the levels which of they could and be should capable.
Europe. substantial are benefits to be had in of terms security policy from speeding up Turkey’s integration into There
Greece. was not permitted to be in He
Commission. Member is not here, I but hope today that, tomorrow, or when we give broad our support this to Commission, a stop will be to put underhand moves of this kind, and we will be able to cooperate with constructively the new That
That is why Member States given were five years to prepare for and adaptation four more to achieve it and ensure the necessary reconversions were undertaken in a progressive fashion.
accountability Personal the for Union's operations is an important of element the activity-based budget approach.
Negotiations are also under way for new a agreement association with Algeria.
We will be able make to use of these instruments, which will ultimately help reconcile to societies to some degree and to stabilise only Europe, if along we, with our societies and the European public, on carry the in same direction towards the one and multilateral peaceful objective the with help of transatlantic cooperation, an objective our that people expect of us.
I think this is because we are forever chasing the mirage of Thus, we would not be doing justice to the task for if, example, I only made reference to the Convention. Kyoto fusion.
The directive also provides protection for the of obligations to provide a service, Member which States can impose on natural gas in companies their market the in economic broader interest.
Your rapporteur's proposals moreover are those among pursued with and continuity perseverance by the Committee on Institutional Affairs.
We need to ensure - and this report goes a long way towards it - the that procedures not do negate the situation or make it worse, but rather, that they and support assist the victims.
Indeed, we in the Socialist Group the in European Parliament support her on points many – with the exception of the one creating a about separate emissions trading scheme for air transport.
As it stands, this proposal with interferes the legitimate right a of Member to State make of use the natural present in resources the seabed of its exclusive economic zone and subsoil which thereof, is recognised in the Nations United on Convention the Law of the Sea.
Member The States did all their it own way: Germany by of means the green dot system, Netherlands the by means of the voluntary agreements, etc.
In this context, I that believe is it urgent for the parties to apply the Agreement on Access Movement, and which was in signed November in 2005 and Jerusalem, I was present at is signature.
Mobility requirements and residential requirements are changing.
the irrational criteria of the Pact, Stability with the proposals of so-called economic governance and the so-called competitiveness pact not had been passed, the particularly attempt to wages prevent from rising with inflation and increase the legal age for retirement, would we have more even attacks on serious labour social and If rights.
Ladies and gentlemen, since our last part-session, and in particularly last the few days, several terrible catastrophes have taken such place, as the new earthquake Turkey in and the floods in France, of both which have hit hard.
The old of purpose my putting this question was to shift the because emphasis, poverty cannot be tackled through continuation a of the same formula.
In other words, we hope that the Council' s second reading that takes on place 20 July will our take up first reading, if not we shall have to proceed a to second reading.
will I therefore vote all against the amendments proposed by the Roth-Behrendt report.
To this end, Mr Florenz, the eco-contribution, among other has systems, proved be to a very important tool.
Let us ourselves provide with the necessary mechanism to sanction the violation of rights, human basic so and essential, and let do us it properly, with transparency above and, all, with guarantees.
It remains both the in nomenclature and in the remarks.
Moratorium on the death penalty by -B4-0595/98, Mr Dupuis and behalf others, of on the ARE group, on the question of death the penalty and institution the of universal a on moratorium executions; -B4-0615/98, by Mr Cars Mr Frischenschlager, and on behalf of the ELDR group, on universal a moratorium on capital punishment; -B4-0621/98, by Mr Imbeni, on behalf of the PSE group, on the of question the death penalty and the institution of a moratorium universal executions; on -B4-0642/98, by Aglietta Mrs and others, behalf on of the V group, the on question of death the penalty the and institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0658/98, Mr by Habsburg-Lothringen and Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, behalf on the of PPE group, on the of question the death penalty the and institution of a universal moratorium on executions; -B4-0665/98, by Mr and Manisco others, on behalf of the GUE/NGL group, on the question of the death and penalty the institution of moratorium a universal on executions.
Firstly, from the benefiting Union's European knowledge and in skills this field, which they need in order to develop their own economies, in especially and basic cross-disciplinary sectors such as financial services.
The security of information networks is a priority for all those who use them.
Technical means of protection in particular developing are at a fast very pace.
It is because, unsound, currently, regulation national means every man for himself.
me say, response in to your questions, two that Commission the is its using right of initiative to propose specific the measures that required are and that have been announced in the mid-term Let review.
I think would that put an end tax to avoidance and to in cheating frontier regions.
Can I request that we have some time other to ask Commissioner the questions?
Of their right, for example, to explain their vote on a to report leading a vote, as very stated in Article clearly 6(1) of V, Annex which I ask would you to refer to. says It there in black and '... white: taking into account Parliament's vote', and this is before referral back to committee.
Under this agreement the Treaty are principles maintained.
2001. declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on 1 March Thursday, I
If, at end the of the budget period, we are to speak about the success of the integrated European structural we policy, to need encourage communication the among parties various at national both and regional the levels, to foster exchange experiences of and to encourage people to learn from good examples.
We need would it to be defined precisely.
Balkans. the year, last the European Union has waived visas for countries five of the Western During
These are the kind of that questions arise.
The risk of outbreak an of xenophobia among civilians is indeed great.
As they must be available for the courts, are they held in committal prisons where are conditions cramped and unsanitary.
In Denmark know we debate this only well, too especially when it concerns phthalates in toys.
Mr President, my fellow Members have covered the basic issues of today's (EL) debate.
But, also, when we speak about harmonisation or of taxation harmonisation the of minimum wage, this militates obviously creating against equality, because countries that at present have lower wages and a high level social of protection could be made uncompetitive, with business companies and attracted being elsewhere and jobs lost.
The initiative of is some met, on the one hand, with the indifference virtual of the majority and, on the other, with a certain diffidence of the minority.
- (FR) The vote on the ratification of the Commission is a not vote of approval for the Commission' s since programme, Parliament will be consulted on this at the end of the year.
We have made up our minds.
An point, important Mr as Watts has already pointed out, is safety.
I think that the most important outcome was the of integration the anti-missile shield the new into strategic concept.
Indeed, your Parliament, from the outset, told us that it was ready shoulder to its burden of responsibility with regard to expenditure under headings 3 and 4, insofar as the Council ready was to its shoulder with responsibilities regard to expenditure under heading 1, that agricultural is, expenditure.
We are basically favour in of the of proposal the Committee Environment and its rapporteur.
Financial I also say, Mr President, that following the failure of the to Ecofin Council agree on revision a of the Financial Perspective, it is clear that the Council considers the proposal Commission for the financial complement of 700 m ECU to obsolete be and that it up is the to to Commission identify additional financial resources within the ceiling of category 3 the of current Perspective. Can
If union monetary goes ahead will it mean the creation of a beyond system democratic control, where economic policy is decided on basis the of Treaty provisions, the stability and pact an independent central bank.
On the other there hand, also is the possibility of beginning discussions on a new of organisation work.
is policy the for prerequisite today' s young people holding their own on tomorrow' s labour market and our for fulfilling our role as in Europe worldwide Education competition.
One is the issue of the so-called institutional a triangle, question that was not answered in The Amsterdam. other issue concerns enlargement into Europe. Eastern
this For reason, I hope the that system control, of particular in ex-ante, is improved and fully more enforced than it has been up to now.
The facts are there; they are being more revealed and more our countries' in newspapers.
and Russia the EU have an in interest the principle of cooperation on both sides of the border and in an anti isolationist policy regarding the Kaliningrad Both region.
Mr President, as as long small coins exist they be should nickel-free.
Of the complaints 2 436 received, 250 of those inquiries were initiated 2003 in and 110 were which were inquiries not closed at end the of December 2002.
And, since we are in the European Union, I draw your attention to the fact that in the Spanish Country, Basque which is the most autonomous the of Union's European autonomous regions, municipal elections are planned in which many citizens participate cannot since they are in of danger Joseba being murdered, like Pagazaurtundua.
It premises an how examination of one can best up the speed procedures for examining manifestly unfounded asylum applications from EU citizens.
Whilst we have indeed achieved great successes, a lot remains to be done and there can be long-term no security human without security.
Many want a in order statute to an improve image tarnished by the abuses of a few.
This must not be attached merely the to aid in the form of a vague hope: it must be a of condition that aid.
A further aspect which we must mention today, and which we must also welcome, is the that fact San is Marino of one the few states small in Europe to have always to become refused a tax haven, for and this reason it has always had good with relations its larger neighbour, Italy.
In the same way, the world research is partitioned.
Mountainous areas were given especially an prominent position within that framework.
President, the of introduction European a visa policy is occasion the debate to an important issue, and here in this House we are today discussing latest the developments in this visa Mr policy.
On Singapore we concerns have about banking secrecy that were made clear when the committee visited and to spoke members of parliament that in country.
. British Labour MEPs to had vote against the amended due report to serious concerns about duplicating and complicating legislation, a reduction resources in for Asia, and benchmarking.
As far as the main offices are concerned, the idea of giving Patent the European Office a central role, with some of its work delegated to the national is offices, a good idea.
In my own country, the question of up splitting the social security currently system is high very on the political agenda.
A of number amendments proposed by our committee refer to nuclear waste nuclear and safety.
On the European perspective, it is clear that the neighbourhood policy is one that is distinct from enlargement, at but the same time I should also that say the future not is set in stone.
in    Madam President, of December last year, the Council rejected Parliament’s proposal for a broad definition of ‘family’.
is It my personal view the new that Commission will have to define China an strategy overall for the European Union to better pursue and achieve our common interests with view the of climate policy, trade tensions exchange-rate and policy.
The EU offer could significant and trade aid benefits to Syria it to bring back to the negotiating table with Israel.
Now that we are making sure that the is agreement implemented in our legislation, it is important for objectives these to be attained.
The rapporteur mentions several to measures ensure more reliably that emission control equipment functions efficiently a throughout vehicle' s lifetime.
At a national level, legislatures need to come down hard those on convicted, and resources must be given to forces police that it so is not for lack of finance or manpower that is trafficking allowed to continue.
Mr President, Minister, ladies and gentlemen, I start will with the end of Mr Jouyet's speech.
It appropriate is that we having are this debate as joint a debate with the Casaca report, the because issue whole of fishery control measures and what is required is one that not only deliver can and more environmentally economically sustainable fisheries; it can also give certainty to many fishing so families, they that can continue to live their lives in the way that they have enjoyed up to now.
Politically, this is a sensitive very issue in of terms future the relationship between the European Union the and Western Balkans.
All we hear is about enrichment.
These cover important such areas as the efficiency of combustion engines and the use of pesticides.
In my view, the bottom line is that legal the framework of the EU and Community the European must respected, be and this is the way the Commission always works.
I hope that these measures indeed will enable us to make the necessary improvements to the situation.
all We know what that is in the back of our minds, and what we is fear, that Albania will turn another into Bosnia, and that if happens the whole of the Balkans will explode.
To finish off, Mr I President, really valued the observation by made Mr Harbour.
week Last a Chechen woman and her three young died daughters on the border between and Ukraine Poland.
Thank you very much.
Union. the principle of subsidiarity itself subsidiary, becomes because it cannot prevent the of application Article 308, or the Community acquis, or the self-proclaimed principle of European the Thus
The premiums all remove incentive from the farmer to adapt his agricultural plan.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and has gentlemen, much been said during this debate it and is obviously at difficult this to point add anything new.
No doubt if we were debate to tax reductions now, elements such as promotion of the consumption would be of more importance than would have been the case a few months ago, given is that that of one issues the are we concerned about.
The impact studies that have been carried out by the Commission have in resulted definition the environmental of standard quality levels, expressed as an annual average offering a level of protection against long-term exposure and as maximum allowable a concentration, for protection against short-term exposure.
We have make to that effort.
Mr President, I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur on the content his of report and the way in which he has worked established and a dialogue groups with other in the House, which believe I has been positive, I and would also like to the congratulate Commission its on initial proposal.
Here in the European Parliament, people not speak, parties.
know Hungarian the Presidency will do everything in its to power bring this original proceeding to a I positive conclusion.
How will much this cost?
These amendments will, inter alia, introduce the principle proportionality, of which means that the administrative and requirements accounting be should proportional to the size of the grant.
It is therefore essential to between distinguish differences in treatment which are justified, in particular by employment policy, legitimate labour market and training vocational objectives, and discrimination which must be prohibited’.
One important experience gained in Sweden is that the division also solved the financial situation which the State then Railways found itself in, where it had considerable debts.
We placed quite a bit of emphasis on this aspect in the resolution, because to us, the liberalisation of the aviation with sector, all its implications, positive both and must negative, coincide with the laying down of high in standards the areas I have just listed.
Our country was just the not first victim of Hitler the dictatorship, many people were perpetrators too, I although refute any suggestion collective of guilt.
The takeover of troubled financial institutions the by of governments some Member States will create a dangerous precedence for the expropriation of private in companies any sector whatsoever are who not willing to adapt to themselves un-systematic regulatory and discriminatory interventions carried out, for example, in the interests of down holding inflation.
Surely Brussels should not leave its own States Member out in the cold, literally or otherwise.
There has been a standstill for four years now, and there many are areas painful that deserve be to addressed.
It illustrates, once again, how fragile democracy is, even in regions where seemed be it to an established value.
The citizens' initiative mean will that one million citizens from coming a significant number of Member States will able to be the take initiative to request the Commission to submit a legislative proposal.
I am one of those who has doubts carrying about harmonisation social legislation of in the different to countries extremes.
cover They CO2 efficiency, biodiversity, but also social criteria.
It have been possible to eliminate corruption and avoid social could upheavals.
wide A sector of society Palestinian regards elections as a crucial part of the reform process.
needs Europe this services It more will ensure growth and more new jobs in Europe, and will be good for workers, entrepreneurs and for Europe. directive.
Integrating optical fibre connections in satellite and equipment corresponding forming clusters would a be sensational undertaking, as would the establishment the of European Institute Technology. for
We now directives have that are to beginning form a and consistent coherent whole, but they are far from being enforced uniformly throughout the Community.
Today aim is my not to you provide an with in-depth analysis of the three principal documents that the Madrid Summit produced, the Presidency has already discussed this issue in detail.
Nor can the suffering those of affected be compensated.
Having referred been back to committee, the d'Ancona report on European policy drugs emerged has looking considerably more balanced.
In fact, they rang the airport of destination themselves, which was also unable to give her any information.
in Similarly, terms employment, of are there just researchers 2.5 for every thousand workers European in companies, compared with 6.7 per thousand in the USA and per 6 thousand in Japan.
I do not it think is worth it in a case like this in one, which we dealing are with something relatively trifling.
its In second amendment, Parliament asks to be given information on the the decisions of Joint Committee.
would Chancellor Kohl have said 'Let's solve this problem together with Greece'.
Member of Commission. the - Madam President, I appreciated the exchange of on views the report, which testify commitment the of to Parliament cause the of human rights.
They are using the old method and of divide rule and, therefore, action on behalf of Latvia's non-citizens must be taken by European the Union.
should We also pave the way for the immediate introduction of trade and other economic sanctions in the event China of reneging on its promises.
I cannot where see the link is.
It is the case, also however, that we must make an effort to explain why the Constitutional important Treaty is to people’s lives, because many people take the view the that Treaty not has Constitutional entered into force – which is the case – but nothing has gone wrong as a result; Europe has not fallen into the sea.
All the more important that we strive by every possible means to convince that Yugoslavia it must solve its problems, own particularly in Kosovo, our with help.
This situation clearly bears all the hallmarks of a one-sided very division of power the between the dealers and manufacturers.
today's After debate, it could be Parliament's agenda.
Member the of Commission. - President, Mr the economic and social situation in Europe continues to pose enormous challenges.
Indeed, this will be the case for half these of children.
Conflicts of interest have been overcome: there will be no advisory services in addition to credit rating activities.
Next, would I like to clarify the between situation us.
The EU's relationship Georgia with does raise very far-reaching questions about what are we about, what the EU is, and what we to aspire be.
Minutes) (Parliament approved the
I must also mention that the of Republic Moldova eligible for is both grants and loans.
all First, or most of us can come to this House and deplore and denounce terrorism, as well might, it because we is vile and indefensible in all its forms.
are the main elements of the OLAF What reform?
The problem is that this is not yet the way in the which world and works is it our responsibility, the responsibility of this institution, to set an example.
We have also sent a strong message 15 to the million Muslims who already live the inside European Union that this not is an exclusive Christian club.
Let reiterate me the position of the Kingdom United Government.
I Secondly, wish to that say I rejected the Council's positions on Working the Directive Time working as hours would have been extended and time on-call discounted as working time, also and the European rules would have been undermined by a whole host of opt-outs.
. Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Lucas, Mr Lannoye and Mr de Roo for tabling a question on adding water to and protein chicken meat.
I talking here am about greater and easier availability of information; of course, this does not mean groups that would longer be no able to meetings hold behind closed doors.
Yes, he is this indeed, on issue, closer to some to than those who would criticise me for quoting him - Pope John Paul II said has through his spokesman: 'Those who decide that all peaceful means made available by international law are exhausted assume grave a before responsibility God, their before conscience, and before history.'
If the aid spread is too thinly and too widely, will it simply not the help regions most in need.
regards As and small medium-sized enterprises, many sources attribute the fall productivity, in and therefore in the productivity of the Italian economy, to the fact that is there little innovation in Italy.
This comprehensive, well-written report, apart from all useful, the valuable information it provides us encourages with, also us to ask the following question: What are we going to do for ourselves and for future generations?
The unions have a role of social democracy, as just political leaders do.
Furthermore, it clearly cases lays out the in which these services can be used, because at present, the regarding rules reimbursement when using these services not are clear always and understandable.
Bolkestein has explained just to House this that we need to "move forward towards the completion of the internal market postal for Commissioner services".
rapporteur. - President, Mr I should like to thank for their everyone contributions, both and now during the last months nine we have been working on this issue.
Treaties. would simply mention the question of provided support the by public State aids, for example, which as you all is know an element is which both provisory and derogatory, and is which in no way laid down in the logic, constitutional or otherwise, of the I
This special relationship will offer economic and other advantages in sectors such as the infrastructures, energy, environment and which transport, will constitute incentives for joining the commonwealth.
Chair must be absolutely neutral when it to comes a vote, up to the that, point in it general, does not even its cast own The vote.
text presented by Mr Medina Ortega is heading in right the direction, but the proposed amendments weaken it considerably and we reject The them.
(DE) Mr the current President, debate so-called about glued shows ham that some manufacturers do not deal honestly with consumers.
The Commission is not here the at moment, but it will certainly defend that right tooth and nail.
The vote take will place on Wednesday 22 2009. April
It is they who will offering be their qualifications, professional than rather investment, capital to other Union Member States for the foreseeable future.
Who could be to opposed this?
found him up speaking for consensus, stepping out from the ranks of the governments who, day in day and out, exchange historic their responsibility for Europe for petty I cash.
I should to point like out to the Commissioner that within the rules the of common fisheries what policy is good for the UK is good for Ireland any or indeed country.
to According my the information, Council presidency was going to attend the until debate the end.
We know that during the last 15 years increasing number an of organic farms have been in created Europe.
This will also open the gates a to debate on the future the of a WTO, debate that will highly be dependent on the whether DDA concluded is successfully or not.
Draft supplementary and amending (SAB) budgets 1/99, 3/99 4/99 and
After the restoration Lithuania's of independence, Italy avoided any responsibility and suggested negotiating with Russia the concerning building.
The Bureau on called the Government Zimbabwean to put a stop the to violence in the country and respect to human rights and the of rule law.
Violence against women: despite the progress considerable made in this area since initial the Daphne programme launched was in 1997, unfortunately further urgently measures need to be taken to violence prevent towards women children and and to combat this phenomenon.
No doubt the United Kingdom likewise does in Sellafield.
is It difficult to form a judgment on what the EU might about do matter this by itself.
That is the first main are reason we expressing our disappointment.
Furthermore, collective the nature the of second pillar is important.
President, with Mandela' Nelson s farewell as President and the Thabo election of Mbeki, South Africa entered a new political Mr era.
a At special summit on 28 29 and March 2007, its Heads of Government their acknowledged regional responsibility in the Zimbabwe for the conflict first time.
A balance has been therefore found freedom between of expression, circulation of information, public access to new services such as VOD on (video demand), and content with a and cultural economic value.
Moreover, if the restructuring of a European company determined was by non-commercial conditions to attached public financing, there would be a risk that company a would be not able to restore its long-term viability, and that risk to viability all is the due to greater the weakened current state of the entire European car industry. European The car industry, as are we all suffers aware, from considerable overcapacity.
We know that this s Movement' are actions effective, and it would be surprising the if European withdraws Union its support for the European Movement at a time when we need, more than ever, to encourage dialogue with the citizens.
Today is a good day for 140 mobile-telephone million in users the European Union.
I of am aware the complexity and difficulty of struggle, this but I believe that it is possible to confront the exploitation sexual children with of unified action and a joint effort.
Soon after elections the Javier Solana stated that the EU intends to activate cooperation with to Ukraine, support political and reforms, economic will which guarantee rule the of law, and to consolidate market economy in principles the country, and I might add, also to support a more effective war on corruption and the shadow economy.
We must make sure that we never have of systems support research are that so with over-burdened bureaucracy, application with mechanisms so difficult to penetrate we that use resources in applying for funds research that should be spent doing the research itself.
Witness also the fact that time every the European Central Bank has interest raised rates, that is, every it time tightened has monetary policy, value the of the euro has fallen rather than risen, contrary to the expectations of decided those who raise to interest rates.
My second concern is about anti-dumping measures in the and the EU USA.
Secondly, is it right of for the course to Member raise questions in this way and to put the Council of Ministers under pressure.
Finally, I would like to a highlight issue, that fundamental is, the complete of anachronism the Security Council and its anti-democratic nature, which symbolised is by the of right veto.
The seas provide the environment a for multi-directional communication among people, activities countries, and policies.
It high is now time at look to this from a new perspective, since this is carried out in most cases, sadly, without recourse to legal proceedings.
We must always ourselves, remind as call we upon others the outside Union to rise to the standards of for persons respect which seem to us fundamental, that we are continually at risk ourselves of falling below the standards.
In other words, opening begets opening; trade begets trade.
The enlarged European will Union be obliged to operate under the provisions of the Treaty of Nice.
Mr Pasty has asked the for floor.
the Compare EU to IMF, the to the World Bank, to the or to WTO any other international none structure: of them have or will have this of degree parliamentary input of and parliamentary scrutiny.
This that shows the European Union's policy of gradually bringing Turkey closer to Europe is the right one.
He might well have got scot-free away as he a was poor candidate for political asylum.
artists who are very become famous and do not certainly need the European to Parliament facilitate their movement and conditions, pension but there are also artists excellent who unfortunately do not have great success; such artists, and there are many of them, are nonetheless human beings - workers and pensioners who deserve same the as respect other all There citizens.
Now that more than a decade has passed, the balance is sheet clearly positive.
They point that out automotive the European industry is one of symbols the of Europe's economic power and employs thousands of workers.
That is what is happening here, in sometimes even this Chamber.
I come will to Parliament with that in April.
I the agree with rapporteur, who is in favour of the Commission's proposal, and would also that recommend the should be proposal approved without amendments.
matter. too seems logical to me, yet it would not be beneficial if we were to rely this on provision much too be and too strict about After all, if you were to in do this, other words, if you were weigh to it extremely up carefully, then think I personnel policy would become impossible the long-run in and would you be very far-removed the from efficiency required this in type of This it.
Those national plans, as you know, were supported by the economic European recovery plan, adopted the European by Council in 2008. December
I shall certainly be pressing the case when I visit the in Washington second half of May.
I accept that took it a certain amount of to courage draw up this report, but am I not convinced that it had to be so ambiguous.
Why do you not listen?
1998. has House been considering the Members' Statute since This
(Applause)
When the 11 countries in participating the common currency lock their internal exchange rates on January 1 1999 and replace their national currencies with the euro in 2002, they will no be longer able to make use of exchange rate in policy, words other they will no longer be to devalue able or revalue their currencies.
In this we way can lend our support those to forces in society that are pressing for the are reforms that so necessary, that the reforms will one day assuredly arrive.
Talking and planning is one thing - especially if can you do it a in meeting room somewhere else in - Europe implementing but and changing requires greater conviction.
Nonetheless, the sector cross-border is not the one only under threat.
That is why, whenever I can, I urge the Commission and Council the to provide financial support to improve district-heating systems in to order make it socially acceptable and environmentally efficient.
Incidentally, Mr will Séralini be here in Parliament on and Wednesday will then tell us clearly whether EFSA's all-clear, its whitewashing, is really justified.
voting on Tomorrow, on the report we debating are today, our institution will write the of last page a that story has been told since August 1987, when the Union European signed its first fisheries agreement with that country, but which for Spain back goes almost twenty-five years.
It is an important and directive, thanks to the Commission's regular reports, we are gaining a clear insight into its functioning, which us enables prepare to well-considered proposals for a possible in revision future.
I am that convinced there is a great political need for this among the citizens of both and Israel Palestine.
On question the of political parties, all can I say is that the Presidency Austrian is seeking to as invite many future parties as possible to the dialogue in East Timor in attempt an to move forward here too, as there little is chance of future a peaceful settlement without political parties.
The Internet is the same as all the tools invented man: by it can be used for both good and bad purposes.
Eliminating the pernicious legacy of is communism a prerequisite a for peaceful in future Europe.
I see Parliament as having particular a to role play in this, and that has emphasised been in the for report, let which me reiterate our thanks to Voggenhuber. Mr
Hydroelectric power be should by supplemented forms of energy other than waste incineration.
initiatives Thus, as such Grundtvig Erasmus or for Young Entrepreneurs should be extended and doubled by funds that supplement would the insufficient national finances.
will It prove smaller that countries are equally capable of managing the EU.
My third conclusion: agree I with the procedure now by proposed the Commission.
Madam President, I have two more brief remarks.
Greece the is only country to have a neither forest register nor a land register.
However, in this instance, it seems there that was a lack of communication between the operators who detected the and the competent contamination authorities.
The decision on financial market supervision still has been not finalised.
It not did to manage get its position accepted the at last meeting of International the Whaling Commission in July 2004.
I think it is important that these small artisanal businesses should be recognised in the definition of the Regulation.
It is obvious that is there agreement broad as regards the way forward.
example, I note the specific invitation to the Commission to proposals present the to extend agency's mandate, the call for permanent patrols in high-risk areas, and the need to make European solidarity effective times at when borders our have to be For controlled.
After the conciliation outcome of the procedure I, as rapporteur, am withdrawing the strategic amendments for second reading.
The draft the that Council has elaborated contains provisions on a variety of that matters have been discussed by several Members of Parliament.
No trial, and was what their crime?
On the other there hand, is and dislike, even hostility, especially many from Left-wing Members, to American policy, to American and religiousness, American to capitalism.
I quote: ‘The application mutual of recognition is fully consistent with the Market Single philosophy according which to the rules of the Member State origin normally of prevail, the and Member State of destination can derogate only from that rule under very strict challenging conditions overriding the of requirements general public importance, as such health care, consumer protection the or environment.’
Still thanks to the forthcoming euro, will we be protected to some extent.
ASEAN a is region with great economic potential and a number similar of to inhabitants the European Union.
When I hear that, according to Mrs Fontaine, have we been working on making adjustments here as since ago long as 1975, that to seems me a very, very long time.
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by Conference the of pursuant to Presidents Rule 95 the of Rules of Procedure has been to distributed, which changes no have been proposed.
This debate is timely therefore but, I would insist, we must remember that, if we agree on the fundamental issue, as we do general in terms, we must also agree the on form and procedures, the and act with diligence, the greatest as been has reiterated here.
This provides a sensible for framework this fundamental issue.
Government activity is not enough for to this happen; a gradual shift in attitude is necessary within society as well.
am I disappointed extremely that you not did let me have another because minute, we had recovered two minutes from Mr who Porto, will not here be tomorrow, and I thought you might have used this opportunity to show a little consideration.
Different views taken are of alternative medicine.
notes that no progress was made in Doha and calls on the European Commission to revise its strategy on and the European to Union dialogue intensify with international It organisations.
This solution will please certainly the supporters of access open to the internet.
I should like close to by saying that I they hope not will get wind of what I have said here and today include me list, on this I because love Istanbul and I like to go quite there often.
Cooperation. this and is my last comment, I have withdrawn those of my amendments that were not by approved the committee - although now they seem to have appeared again so - my only proposal is now the that one agreed was in the Committee Development on and Finally,
first At this glance seems figure fine, but if we take a look we closer see that women account for 80 % category of C staff employed in the lower echelons, 40 % of category B staff but only 20 % of category A, where staff senior hold positions, and 0 % of directors-general!
However, society also to has get to a stage where this voluntary to service the community is rewarded by giving participants preference when taking employees on and looking not at how quickly a person has done something, how quickly a person has but studied, whether a has person also rendered a service to the community.
Parliament. if we weigh up pressures, the lobbies and financial against issues advances the made by the USA in this domain, biological piracy runs counter to the humanist philosophy which a I hope number large us of share in Even
But is clear in tax, is that Article 99 is area the where all these proposals run what aground.
We unfortunately, had, a terribly long delay with the regard to agreement for the funding on the TENs.
Next year the situation be will quite different, and would warn I the Council that the Interinstitutional Agreement not is for guaranteed ten years either, just this year.
I agree that certain measures flanking should be or adapted adopted, I and am convinced that quite lot a be can done in the new Article 68.
Any other factors a taken as basis for measurement cannot be quantified clearly and open the way to arbitrary decision-making.
It is by establishing monetary that union we shall the encourage investment that will create future jobs.
It will go back to the committee now.
We to need carry on giving attention close to our activities outside the Union, firstly because there are many violent regional conflicts which we cannot ignore, secondly because we need to alert stay protect to the Union's interests a as economic major power, thirdly and the because and relationship between politics economics in international has relations become much more complicated.
Thank you very Commissioner. much,
The people Egypt of seeing are their legitimate expectations met.
There has been a temporary respite in of terms fuel but costs, as we, the European Union, cannot guarantee fuel prices the over longer term.
How will we manage to prevent CO2 emissions from so-called the 'clean' coal-fired plants?
issue This comes on top our deep of worries about the plight of the civilian in population Chechnya, and I have heard Mr Posselt this on subject before.
Dual training, which is regarded as the optimum solution, for should example introduced be all into European states.
the correct is approach, since coordination at European is level and, expensive in line with principle the of subsidiarity, the European authorities be should the first to be aware of their responsibility to contribute to the involvement of citizens and their organizations the in of development European policy, rather than relying on national or even local This financing.
In 10 years euro has the become the number two currency in world the and, as has been mentioned just now, one the of respected most currencies.
(Applause)
I am in favour of motion this for resolution, a as I that believe Gaddafi's regime should destroyed be immediately, given the way that he repressing is the Libyan population in their political protests as and way a of more preventing deaths.
It is the job of both our to assess rapporteurs those amendments.
Expressing and propagating in a non-violent way opinion an other than that of the government is no crime.
They heard what you said and will repeat certainly this recommendation even more firmly.
Now to decision-making procedures and consultations.
For this reason, before the and summer outbreak the of fires, Socialist the Group the in European requested Parliament in its question oral that we hold a debate here with the Commission was on what being done to prevent fires.
It is the beginning.
Madam President, European integration, security and energy solidarity require common management of investment in all Member States of as part broadly-understood a infrastructure energy in and, particular, of transmission the infrastructure.
It may be true that some fraud electoral occurs this through type of voting, we but consider still that it up is to each sovereign state to decide how the elections be will conducted, as as long they are democratic.
This is directive an important step forward in the fight against fraud.
Not a directive, but regulation a and time in stricter, newer standards on aircraft noise.
(Protests)
Once civil servants reach the rank of Commissioner, Mrs Rojo, Izquierdo they acquire the to ability do two things at once!
I would also like to that think there could be an this extension to time limit in case of difficulties with any one particular product.
The report on the proposal for directive a on waste and electrical electronic equipment is intended regulate to EU at level the collection, treatment and recycling of this type of equipment waste and to down lay quantities and percentages.
The policy you are pursuing has only aim: one to reassure markets the for introduction of single the currency, but it is for Europeans you that must construct Europe, and is that what you have forgotten.
Whether this is in keeping with spirit the of Camisón the Asensio I report somehow doubt.
So as to not waste any that of let time, me thank Malcolm Harbour, Catherine Trautmann and del Castillo Pilar Vera for our truly outstanding cooperation, to which has Malcolm already referred.
I emphasise shall three points which are especially for important EU the in this situation.
I can explain this very quickly.
Three, we must also consider introducing new tools.
All of us this in agree about House that, it and has been said again and again through a multiplicity of decisions.
As you said yourself, the decision not has been yet taken.
Madam President, I would like to table an amendment oral to this No Amendment 4 by Ms and Brantner me, the deleting latter part.
That is why attach we such importance to the debate on future the of cohesion.
We have accepted the position, Commission’s but do we believe not that haggling is a good sign the for future.
These NGOs offer support vital for victims of sexual and domestic violence, yet have cope to with a funding very difficult environment.
Ports are of course the most points important of intersection our in trans-European networks.
am pleased that those are also the conclusions drawn in Parliament's report and in Mr Brok's I speech.
Another point specific I like would to raise concerns the European Commission.
As matters stand, we have merely compared recipes.
gangs. (PL) - For several years now, the authorities Mexico, in including, first and foremost, Felipe President Calderón, have been a waging bloody war against drugs author.
Clearly there has to be domestic a British debate about why British citizens ought to be excluded from the benefits integration of inside all these fields, important but the British should also explain themselves fully more to the IGC.
From this, we could envisage public organising hearings together, in even non-conventional meetings with citizens from various the national states.
The visibility and economic benefits of an with FTA European the Union would support India's of programme reforms and a more provide stable investment climate.
(Parliament rejected the request)
Irish citizens are expected to deal with all of this.
We are leaders in this field as because Europeans, we have leading companies, but do we not have a digital internal market.
Now, Mr is Fabre-Aubrespy saying that he opposed this in the of Conference Presidents.
The report Mr by Simpson on European statistics on is tourism a text will that replace the directive on matter, the which is 15 now years' old.
A reduction in the VAT for rates locally supplied and services labour-intensive should have a positive impact, since it reduce will the level labour, of undeclared whilst reducing also its appeal and increasing demand the within formal economy.
Key measures adopted last include year legal the aid directive and the regulation parental on responsibility.
It not does address the problem of undeclared work the from point of view workers' of interests.
First, on accountability and transparency of the process, recall I the essential that elements of an act must, according to the Treaty and the be jurisprudence, defined by the legislators and therefore it will pass through so-called the 1 Level normal codecision procedure.
They can go to the independent tribunal and to the afterwards, other areas of as recourse well.
try We to liaise with families and those NGOs to facilitate the situation but of one course, of the is problems we that little have concrete and confirmed information.
Finally, the must be problem raised Community priority of for employment, and the related problem of maintaining without limit the minimum social income for the long-term unemployed from non-member countries.
Mr President, ladies and for gentlemen, time the second in two months this Parliament is adopting a resolution about the relationship the with US.
are discussing We one of main the tools that the Union has at its disposal.
(HU) The purpose of the regulations governing the of use EU grants is to that ensure these sources will be utilised in best the possible manner and be to allocated the most appropriate place.
As see I it, what is far more important is the purpose of this draft and exactly what patent a system of this kind is to intended achieve.
Does that mean we have no profile?
the In late 1980s and early 1990s a voluntary group called Chernobyl the Children’s Project was set up in Ireland by one woman who the saw horrors of Chernobyl.
Failing that, structure the will be a source of new and dangers grave conflicts.
Ahmet, Dear know you that we with are you, that we support the struggle democratic your party is conducting in Turkey for the recognition of the rights fundamental the of Kurdish people.
They are who people enable one and the same to person perform the tasks of resource manager, officer, financial authorising controller and accounting officer.
Mr President, I am convinced that supporting by regulation, this as by the agreed Committee on Development and Cooperation, Parliament will allow us to fund operations and agencies working to reach the targets, international development to empower women and to reduce infant, and child maternal mortality.
is It very important the that Palestinians can carry the people with them.
The first remark relates the to identity of Europe.
No Question 12 by (H-0497/99):
acute. we know that people for from some the of poorest countries, access to in work the European Union is crucially important to their development, country’s and the remittances back go that can be up to eight times the amount of aid that we are putting We that know people are pulled towards rich when inequality countries is most Indeed in.
There is something else we should not overlook, and where we also have experience, from especially the USA which far on puts more emphasis the of involvement patient the in question or the potential patient; means this the patient is involved in the shaping of health the system.
They do not resources exhaust they and support local development.
The aims report to ensure the long-term conservation optimum and utilisation of resources fisheries in the North-East Atlantic area, providing sustainable environmental social and benefits.
US. report is, however, less than perfect in that it dwells on we problems the experience in our relations with the The
Helms-Burton Act
Who not if the European can Union and should define the role in Community's this? Who can and should interpret the limits the imposed by principle of subsidiarity in this field?
all For of these reasons, there however, is no question that Egypt must be a democracy.
We support therefore it, however we may convinced that be it remains necessary to proceed in a clear and precise manner.
EU's presence The in Africa not is its without problems; however, China's presence is threatening to develop in a highly unfortunate direction.
I am saying not that this is good enough.
Turkey needs to in look the it mirror: has not the implemented Ankara Protocol or recognised Cyprus.
Two million households are of borrowers, which 3-4% are unable to service their debt.
One firm involved in such trade is the German company, Warendienst OCC GmbH, which arranges deliveries from to Germany individuals in Sweden via the Internet.
Unfortunately this is true only for of part the money, that is for only the borders within the EU.
I can assure you there that has indeed some been improvement.
There is also a lot than be can said regarding what the figures of improved economic well-being really reflect, the country having been reduced to misery generalised by the most ferocious form of collectivism.
Our duties Parliament as have increased.
writing. in - (NL) Madam President, the tax face authorities challenging a task in the globalised, all-digital world.
I fully endorse focus the given by the Rapporteur to the challenges posed EU by to industry the rapid growth of Chinese the economy in both unskilled labour-intensive industry as well high-tech as domains.
Secondly, there was condition the that should the Commission initiate a comprehensive study of the measure’s effectiveness.
Finally, it is without doubtless not interest to note the that partnership cemented thus with this nation great of the may south contribute to the creation of synergy useful the to European Union within the framework of the delicate negotiations which are about to opened be within the WTO at the Seattle in Conference November.
In addition, the Member States of the Union have been asked participate, to and we know that countries many doing are now so.
The launch, in months, the coming of and Nautilus the Hermes, two operations naval organised and financed Frontex, by the European external borders agency, will cost around EUR 24 million.
I believe that we should examine amendments these during the general debate.
Krupiński. would like also to thank the Secretariat the of Committee on Petitions, including David Lowe, Karen and Chioti Silvia Cannalire, well as as those who have given me help advice, and cooperation: Szymon Szynkowski, Napierajów, Wojciech Norbert Danecki, Witold Ziobrze and Michał I
Firstly, the level of inflation in individual countries is EU rising sharply, and a as result the average level of across inflation the EU will be around in 4% 2008, so expenditure at indexing 2% annually actually a means fall in expenditure.
With Commission’s the support, the fight will go on.
National trade barriers been have eliminated.
the Council's However, figures cut down these categories relating to the Lisbon which Strategy, should be the at core of the Union's policies.
I have one regarding comment the rescue mechanism to which the President-in-Office the of Council was referring.
I should like to explain very briefly what we mean the by agri-monetary system.
He has been clear that his commitment has been to a produce radical change.
How can this be done?
It is that obvious at least the countries interested in joining EU will the accept not a neighbourhood policy to compensate for or take the place of the prospect of EU membership.
efforts the of the Polish parliament to adapt national law to the acquis communautaire must Lastly, be highlighted.
There the is Europe of numbers, the Europe, technical but there also are those of us who envisage Europe a culture, of of education, of art, mobility of of of artists, encouragement for cross-European cultural creation.
In this connection, I would to like make a critical comment Paragraph on 14 of the joint motion for a resolution.
We that can see Columbia. in Such conflicts are very and vicious we must insist that, if we are to participate with money, an put end is to this situation.
What, though, did governments our do?
The rate at which will Croatia on progress the road accession to will depend largely on its ability to fulfil all the of necessary criteria.
I believe that such a procedure would give to rise irrelevant an party third in the social dialogue.
Mr President, Commissioner, to me it is highly regrettable that the new Member States benefit the least from the common (PL) agricultural policy.
I voted in favour this of report as I that agree there is a need to draw up a first Universal Maritime Labour Code.
This a step is forward, but still people to need be informed, on the ground, of the existence and of accessibility these security documents.
Once the directive has been by adopted the Council, we hope that the Member States quickly give will immediate priority: to first, judicial and harmonisation cooperation their of criminal legislation; secondly, to instructing state agencies employers and how on to the apply directive all to natural and legal persons; thirdly, to applying the 1997 Charter of the European Political Parties the on of defence fundamental rights and the fight against all of forms racial violence; fourthly, the to of individual right victims of discrimination to take collective action; fifthly, to guaranteeing the access of minorities to vocational training, health employment, services and insurance national and pension schemes and participation their economic, in social, political and cultural life.
It appears that the aim to was allow a for progressive adaptation the of small-scale coastal fleet.
speaker is saying serious how and dangerous the European Union's of level energy dependency Every is.
This the is only solution, there is no other.
first part is a discussion of the study by undertaken the Commission and the adoption of a position on its findings, such as the amount the of minimum The guarantee.
It is conceivable that these mistakes could be caused by made errors the by exporting companies or by the authorities of non-EU states, they but could also be result the of fraudulent transactions.
Europe’s citizens their have own and worries their own aspirations; these they not only address to us in this House, but also the to Commission.
I that cite as only one example the of interconnections that in exist this area.
Mr ladies President, and gentlemen, the considers Commission that the part by played renewable energy in sources European the Union's energy supply system should be amplified.
The large-scale discussion Nabucco. on
need an integrated policy, one which sense to makes European citizens, to immigrants and to international We partners.
However, the path not is strewn with roses.
Although the technical benefits satellites of would an be improvement, they would manage never to drop aid on olive each tree.
The use of joint flights removals for not does entail the violation of the principle of non-refoulement or the circumvention of requirement for the cases to be examined on an individual basis.
The amendments the is Commission able to accept the are following: Amendments Nos 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12, 17, 18, 20, 21, 29, 31, 24, 35, 34, 36, 37, 38, 41, 43, 42, 45, 55 44, and 57.
As things stand, it is clear that we only by are limited the resources available.
was As mentioned this the morning, Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of whom Europe, very I much admire, Mr Hammarberg, explained to Thomas that us this is not a closed story, that it is still on, going and that he would very much wish for Parliament to cooperate with the Council of Europe on this important issue.
But bring it down to more a level: to human give assistance to those people who are trying to come off drugs, and give them proper controls and proper mechanisms for rehabilitation; secondly, to coordinate amongst the police forces the and with judiciary regard to common penalties and laws; common to thirdly, undertake an information awareness and campaign young for people; and once and for to put all end an these to very dangerous words of "normalisation" reduction" and "harm and show that any weakening of our resolve in making sure that drugs are legalised not must be for the good of our all to people.
The - next item is the Council and Commission statements Kosovo. on
Given consistency the views in between Parliament and the – Council views shared by the Commission – I am confident we that can now move rapidly forward towards early adoption this of proposal.
proposal This aims to make the collection of data type by of goods for obligatory maritime transport statistics and to the type standardise of collated information and processed in the 27 Member States.
Of course, we can only have accessibility of services if we have a disability specific directive.
Enlargement must not, however, be taken too fast.
We believe controls that strict are needed and that the manufacture all types of equipment of - and not just exports as the report suggests - should denied, be if not banned.
It is a programme that be will ten soon years old and that has enjoyed success, some with more than 350 projects funded, mainly through NGOs involved in this field.
Members. Ladies what I gentlemen, remind must you of and recommend is that we bring should this sitting back the to matter in hand, in other words, putting questions to the Council rather than starting a debate between and
The economy has gathered additional pace, and income from taxation has increased.
I do, however, the recognise need to accounts keep of these charges.
The debate is closed.
East. the the time, Greens certainly concern at expressed these problems, but being bound by political friendships and dependence, were they silent on subject of the the building of nuclear power stations in the At
Presidency. there is still some time remaining and possibly we come will back to debate this next year, under Spanish the But
But do know you how that comes across to our citizens?
(PL) Mr President, not only is 2007 the budget the budget first in 2007-2013 the new Financial but it Perspective, is also the first budget relating to 27 Member States, including Bulgaria and Romania.
Five million more people are injured have lost or their homes, livelihoods or families.
Brussels does not take public health protection really seriously either, for is there no other explanation for the transpose failure to the on Convention the Protection of Alps. the
Therefore, feel I like Parliament, that, addition in to developing this type measure, of such as that presented in the Rothley report, should endeavour we take to further steps to avoid blatant against discrimination citizens of the same country, and also an invitation extend to the insurance companies: while it is to mandatory insured, be it is also mandatory for the insurance companies to insure the citizens.
This must goal be attained without thereby increasing risk the to payments.
have Citizens the right information, to advice and guidance in all connected matters with the work the of Community's institutions and boards.
Secondly, we have to ensure that European Union is law sufficiently flexible within the of bounds safety to allow new products to be developed.
Once we again, have seen how just far the Council of Ministers' consultation Parliament of falls of short the mark.
If I remember rightly, we adopted with this report only one vote against.
or World Bank is including poverty programmes reduction in its plans, and is concern expressing about countries such as Tanzania which spend on more debt servicing than either health The education.
This document important is for ensuring that Agency the can make organisational effective arrangements to implement its strategy and its achieve goals.
My final comment concerns the Directive, 14th for which I am also rapporteur.
It argued was that identical create speeds congestion and bottlenecks on the roads.
The Commission, like the Member States, is concerned about US the vote against the text.
(FR) Madam President, I am grateful to Lulling Mrs for agreeing to my little interruption.
Could it be that, major when economic interests are involved, we are rather less with principled than human rights?
It would be less time-consuming and less expensive surely to have used that rather than through go the procedure we have just gone through.
The Pan-African Parliament and European the Parliament have now entered the field with determination, with a joint and statement, this is something exceptional.
Europe’s captains industry of and political the forces carrying out their guidelines once are, again against the the wishes of people, trying to regain the initiative.
me perhaps give you a few very rough figures once again: we estimate need the EUR 5.5 at billion and, overall, 3.3 billion that will of come from the external action Let heading.
Again, I would suggest Members to of this House that exactly is why we have commissioned the paper – in order those translate to broad areas of work into concrete achievement due in course.
With a view the to first Summit they also asked: can how you actually succeed in an brokering agreement the when positions the of Member are States so far apart?
% 93 of Terranova the Great Bank lies in Canada's economic exclusive zone, and the Community fleet, operating in waters, international must not be made to pay for Canada's mismanagement in this area.
Two obstacles remain.
His reasons are and groundless the aim the of amendment is in breach the with interests environmental and principles of the internal market.
As stated on previous occasions, both parties believe is it a key issue and a priority, especially the following events of 11 September.
Despite some reached compromises between the various political within groups the Civil Committee on Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on many key points Mrs in Vălean's report, and the notwithstanding political conviction and position I that express on behalf of the of Group European the People's (Christian Party Democrats) and European my in Democrats as capacity shadow rapporteur on the report, namely that the free movement of citizens Community is fundamental a EU right, final the version of the report nevertheless contains a series of inappropriate references, in some of the to footnotes recital S, which compel us, the as Italian delegation of PPE-DE, the to against vote this report in the Chamber due the to single block vote stipulated this for type of report.
We were forced accept to a compromise that intended we to improve at the Intergovernmental forthcoming Conference.
8. problem is not comitology itself, but the question is whether 9 Article is in a correct relationship to 3 Articles to that 8, is whether the most important points really are Articles in 3 to The
Stockholm The Conference has provided chilling and terrible data.
I also like to urge the national information points to closely involve clubs, sports supporters' associations and the UEFA its in activities, so these that be can as implemented well and effectively as possible so as to at enhance security football matches with an international should dimension.
I emphasise once again the significance of a perspective, but global if you have read the Brundtland Commission report carefully, you will see our that definition is correct.
Transatlantic relations are in now stormy waters.
Indeed, in order to ensure this that derogation, should which allow for the creation of jobs wealth, of and is genuine benefit to local populations and does harm not European the product fishery processing and canning industries, it was to vital provide for an of its assessment impact as soon as possible and to allow for suspension, its where necessary.
I would ask the Commission to take a much harder line on this practical benchmarking than done it has in the past.
It the raises to need establish provisions at European in level the field of motor so insurance as to protect accident victims effectively.
notice The not is consistent with the proposal for a the directive: Commission is presenting two documents a - for proposal a and directive a notice - whose contents are not at all consistent each with other.
Then there Donald Rumsfeld, is US Secretary of the Defence, President of a laboratory that Monsanto bought in 1985.
I will continue serving that cause in any way I can.
It that seems the concept of the four underpinning freedoms European the Union is something that, sadly, often exists only on paper.
the Court European of Human Rights clearly has no respect for such human rights, I cannot see that is it possible to recognise it as here approved an and appropriate If decision-making body.
Member Some States equipped are with their national own laboratories, but the European Centre for Infectious Diseases must set up group a to monitor the ways in the health which is situation monitored in the Member States.
Conference The of Presidents – a body democratically by elected us in this House – decided on 9 June to the send letter of invitation to the representatives the of two countries in question.
We do not believe equal that treatment is a matter discussing of complex subtleties: it is in the hands of the Council.
The report therefore does not deal with aid whether can be provided, but how rather it should be given, when it has been decided to grant aid public for transport.
Finally, we not must forget that the structural funds are promoting very already substantial environmental investment, e.g. in the Objective 1 regions where this assistance about accounts for ECU 1 600 and million, I think is this indeed an example of cohesion in environmental policy.
It represents some but progress, it is capable being of rather perfected than perfect as it stands.
The next is item the vote.
27.
We should that remember this instrument particular comes under Article 7(a).
As been has shown by some manufacturers, an can agreement also be with reached workforce, the aimed at reducing costs.
I to Mrs wish congratulate Meissner on her excellent efforts and on the cooperation between and us to thank all the shadow rapporteurs their for efforts.
We will judge presidency your primarily your by achievements in preparing the reunification our of continent.
In paragraph 31 are we asking for compensation in of the event crimes of violence to be harmonised.
In order prevent to the obliteration desertification and of our agriculture, we develop must instruments further that will stop the rural exodus.
I that thought afterwards, we might save time by abbreviating it.
A corrigendum to the agenda the of sittings of 3 and 4 December, containing proposals the for changes made by the has Groups, been distributed.
But I do think it behoves ill us to go home and about rail fraud in the European and Union talk about what we are doing about it, when we have this excellent Committee of Inquiry's report very and few people are here debate to it.
Existing legislation applies to tobacco all manufacturers, which is in important ensuring that smuggling activity not is simply displaced into products manufactured by companies have that chosen to not an agreement, sign or who might at some point to choose withdraw from one.
I not do that think Mr Vaillant currently has the necessary to offer sensitivity the solutions that the French Government must offer.
Likewise, in the preparation of the IDABC Programme, Council the also acknowledges the organisation of Commission of by a conference due to take place Brussels in on 18 17 and February 2005, which will focus on the requirements for eGovernment pan-European Services for citizens businesses and and on the factors needed to implement them.
the Since regulation entered into force on February 17 the 2005, Commission has been watching closely to ensure that it is being enforced by the Member States and has been the monitoring airlines to check that they are enforcing it.
Firstly, the systematic for call the imposition of unilateral conditions and objectives which, from having apart the potential to destroy a partnership that want we to of be equals, also could the undermine choices made the by countries ACP themselves on their own development policies.
for Responsibility the implementing integrated guidelines will rest with the Member States.
Mr President, colleagues, the commission finally has produced this long-awaited Green Paper on the retail trade.
We recall how investigations OLAF’s can commence only there where is suspicion well-founded and they that must be of appropriate duration – in words, other they not must be artificially extended.
From Parliament's of point view, the Irish presidency has taken an important step in the paper which it has up drawn the for Intergovernmental Conference.
Germany believes even that it is worth making higher net payments in to Europe return for the abolition of the Stability and Pact. Growth
I believe would it be very helpful him for to explain, on behalf of the Commission, how the latter intends to adapt the Stability and Growth to new the Pact situation.
(DE) President, Mr I rise to speak here a as passionate pro-European, and am convinced that we are receiving currently a lesson what in EU democracy should not look like.
The Committee the on Environment, Public Health and Consumer would Policy EUR like 300 million.
The question of the level of in employment the aerospace sector is implicit the in Commission's approach which aims increase to the competitiveness this European of industry.
Thirdly, the 'Singapore' issues, namely competition, investment, of facilitation and trade in transparency public contracts.
Once this regulation is accepted it will go directly implementation into and that means, believe, I that before summer or in summer 2007 consumers and workers could profit from lower roaming much tariffs.
By the it way, will be very interesting to see whether the governments which have criticised animal transport, etc. now really seize the opportunity to follow Parliament's line.
26 October Today, however, 2005, the weather in Strasbourg is wonderful, spring-like and and warm, it the is same in Bergamo, my home town, well as as in Athens.
We therefore decided to fund it using margin the which totals 21 million in this heading.
Mr Holm emphasised trade and issues suggested that competition is with incompatible animal welfare; I disagree.
Among other politics things, is about symbolism, the and Parliament fact that decided to vote on this a issue at of time major crisis for the European institutions is not something that I welcome or applaud.
first The concerns the amounts necessary to meet the aspirations of everyone who to wants see a successful Europe in future the whether – that ceiling be should 1% of GNI, or 1.24%, or somewhere in between and – to remind everyone today that is the start what of probably will be a 12-month process.
campaign for disarmament and demilitarization is thus an essential aspect our of security on the European The continent.
If Council the does not remedy it, it will be of the Court Justice of the Communities European that has declare to the report approved today contrary to Community law, and it will thereby making be the final decision, the in event that the opinion issued EP today by the is followed.
Nevertheless, the events same not do guarantee a democratic outcome.
would like to take this opportunity put to a couple of questions that I concerning have the commitments made by the Commission in with connection the negotiations ahead the of reading first vote on the Toys Directive, as as well ahead of our plenary I vote.
EU must in opinion my stand strongly against The that.
on behalf of the UEN Group. (PL) - President, Mr this reform is but justified it is unfair.
There been have obviously others before me who have had the opportunity and the honour of for speaking the overseas departments, notably through the Ligios report. It was report that that in 1987 report initially awareness raised in the Community institutions of the problems of the overseas departments ultraperipheral and regions and their specific characteristics, I and would like also to thank congratulate and those people for their work.
The Temelin power nuclear station a is yardstick of the credibility of this House.
with a firm Stability Pact, we structural need Together reforms.
Greater demands must be made upon EIB the in of terms providing information and evaluating projects the and of importance proper professional supervision and auditing be must emphasised.
In view the of enormous technical advances, is it therefore quite right to call for the existing European system for combating laundering money be to adjusted to technical innovations such as direct and banking prepaid cards and under no circumstances delay to this.
Mr President, I must firstly Mr thank Borloo for constructive his attitude and for indicating Council's the willingness to conclude the discussion on package this by the of end this legislative term.
This is true both the of Habitats Directive and the Nitrates Directive since they both require the review of agricultural regional and policies planning which may cause pollution or of destruction natural environments.
The meeting of the General Affairs and External of Relations Council 3 October the confirmed that EU remains firmly united around the European Union Troika E3 approach.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (IT) President, Mr ladies gentlemen, and I gladly take the floor to endorse Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou's though report, I even do so a with touch of sadness, since, weekend, last we received a further tragic piece news of in relation to women, namely the stoning to of death a woman in on Baghdad, October. Saturday 21
EU. European common treasury some taxes collecting at European level allow would the reduction of national transfers to the A
.    The Commission has organised three with meetings the control national bodies – on 19 May 17 February 2006 2005, and 14 September 2006, which is recent very – with a view to strengthening the coordination among the various Member States and harmonising to the application of the provisions of regulation the concerned.
Security, on the hand, other linked is to a unilateral determination of status the final of borders, the with maintaining the occupation of East Jerusalem, the with settlements the on West Bank and with the Wall of Shame.
Organisation. all these were persons mistaken; the remains that fact one initial, important conclusion can be drawn following this hearing: legislative a initiative concerning grace the period can be envisaged only international at level, through the Intellectual World Property Perhaps
However, it is also to important me that consumers do not become victims.
information Madam President, is any not commodity, and old is perhaps it not even a commodity. Mr Herman was right to so say in introduction; his he made it clear in presenting long his and painstaking report which is an important indeed document, fundamental, at an important time for information, and which has our support.
Finally, with regard the democracy to and human rights instrument, I have often stated that for us EIDHR the is a flagship policy.
We have to make all our understand citizens that Europe today is all about currency a but single tomorrow will it be about political union.
In whole this business, the Brussels has Commission behaved badly.
The European a symbol Union, of human rights around the must world, guarantee fair treatment of third-country nationals residing in its territory establish and inclusive an policy towards them.
By allowing them to develop tailor-made plans for the relevant regions and, if necessary, tying this in financial with aid, a higher can return be achieved.
Mr President, I too to like would add my voice to those who support the report Brok and also to express my fascination for paranoia that the has come that from side of the House.
The preservation of this means heritage the preservation of the memories of our culture and history, everyday life, big small events, and tragedies common joys.
Malmström may well idealistically how muse sacrosanct the Schengen acquis is, while the in majority Parliament may well drily consider how marvellous it would be if Bulgaria and were Romania to join the Schengen area, but it is just not Commissioner realistic.
efficient. scrutiny is not Rather, it is democratic and Public dangerous.
Now it is here in the European and Parliament it is the that Parliament has to take this approach, as you others and point out.
On behalf of these people, I beg for you and assistance solidarity.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Maat for a good and report cooperation, good namely in his the raising issue of public health.
Will be the it WHO, the ECDC or the European Commission?
this With of explanation vote, I intend to highlight fact the the intense that stirred debate up by an issue that, in reality, less involves 1% than of resources our should prompt Parliament and the Commission to adopt the precautionary principle, so as not to underestimate the impact of this matter on public opinion, to we which refer when we seek consensus for Europe.
In order to safeguard and growth enable rural our communities to in future thrive the too, it is vital that we increase our knowledge of the on impact the Baltic Sea.
The people should not punished be for the madness of dictator the who rules over them, and is it that for reason that we these support measures.
Polish colleagues addressed project this or, more precisely, part this with a suggestion and gave we them the of task making a more concrete Our proposal.
Looking at the press - preview preview the of the sitting plenary of 21 to 24 April I - the can read about important reports on the immunity of MEPs, but there is nothing about the for discharges the 2007 financial year.
I have noticed recently a how has gap been growing between those think who that those are things mutually exclusive.
We shall say no demands to from the ranks of the Member States for regulations which are necessary and not shall also say I no if demands come the from European Parliament – and is, this unfortunately, the often case – for regulation which we do not and need the same Parliament then criticises Commission the because it over-regulates.
President, Mr if today we are to debate the 1997 annual report on the EU's research and technological activities, development then we should also be a asking of number fundamental questions.
I expect the European Parliament to play an important role here.
the regions of Asturias and Castilla y León present it with a new project which respects all natural areas and which conform Community to legislation, would the Commission prepared to cofinance be such a project, in to order prevent the economic losses region the which could of Asturias face by dismantling the existing If pylons?
Additional economic strength is provided by the stations power and through tax revenue.
Eighteen after years the first directive on pregnant workers and workers who have given recently and/or birth are breastfeeding, the economic and demographic in situation Europe certainly has changed.
a As matter of fact, is it hard understand why to the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Treaties Conventions and an dedicate enormous range of rights and protection to musical authors, performers producers and and to even broadcasting organisations radio and do not do the same for audio-visual performers, who no have rights international other than a single payment for their work.
This means that it is essential to maintain cotton production in order to preserve the and economic social fabric of these areas. It is also reason the for the two most important requests made by Parliament: that the penalty overshoot percentage not should increased be from 50% to 60%, and maximum that the guaranteed quantities brought be into line with production actual levels.
In this regard I have one more point to It make. is a question of the ceterum censeo that has been mentioned in many statements, the ceterum censeo about inviting the today's President to informal meeting.
EU. current trend is that the vast of majority highly qualified workers migrate to the USA, Australia Canada or instead of the The
We the draw Commissioner's attention to fact the that, by traditional herbs medicinal we mean those been that have used at for least 30 years, at least ten years of which within the Community outside, and 20 as suggested by Parliament.
The in writing. - public sector has hampered been methods traditional by in the procurement of research and development services.
Arafat. are a friend of Sharon against You
Religious services conducted only are in Hungarian in all Slovak communities in Hungary, and are conducted they exclusively by Hungarian priests.
December. exerted pressure by the three institutions together made has the breakthrough in negotiations and possible enabled us have to a expectation solid that this project, greatest the in our within time the European Union, can, as planned, be brought to completion in Copenhagen The in
It is through working together at EU and level that we international can do important something children, for who must be protected from such crimes.
We object to discriminatory comments by aimed politicians at homosexuals, given such that comments often more than not incite hatred and violence.
But at the time same I should say that do we not of course want European a penal code.
Consumer protection, an effective financial industry stable and financial markets constitute the supreme objective of financial supervision, which must also help the industry fully its utilise potential and creativity.
States. do hope that the amended Regulation be will implemented in appropriately all EU Member I
know You as well do, as I and everyone here knows, that always we took them too late. We are one taking step forwards and two steps backwards.
The Commission believes that, with the text agreed Coreper by on 16 February, we reached have the right moment positive for a decision.
The has matter also been taken up by Ombudsman the himself.
More than a raft of incentives and targeted funding, our small medium-sized and enterprises greater need and simpler freedom of action, hence less bureaucracy, and also certain guarantees.
That also is a good thing.
I think the Commission been has demonstrating this. I think that Member the States immediately and supported massively our think action and I we should also a be little bit less critical about those services.
I believe measures that to combat drink-driving and are crucial that we should act jointly in this area.
Finally, common a legal base linked to single a budget line is in line with the policy Commission' s of limiting the number of small legal bases and budget lines.
The reason is the perception it that is still better for a workforce move to the framework within of common European rules than create arrangements for derogations.
I think it is very important that gets Europe better at not taking the when blame are not we to be blamed.
Emphasising be important irreplaceable role and which the growing of sugar cane plays in of some those regions, the report comes down heavily in favour of total compensation for any loss of revenue which overseas farmers might suffer demands, and equally firmly, that the essential mechanism marketing of should aid the retained.
Taking back vehicles free of charge, envisaged as here, my is to mind a snare.
We are all and here is there nothing to stop us, and in this way we will show all countries against those we whom often have to deliver opinions that we will not hold back on matters requiring thorough such as investigation discrimination against disabled the or where journalists are prevented from doing their and job, that we will not hesitate to investigate incidents these even when they within occur Community. our
It is first the a of series of measures recommended a by highlevel working group with remit a to draw up Community a aviation safety improvement strategy.
Madam I President, wish to refer the to which comments the Mrs. President, Fontaine, made yesterday concerning the prohibition of use the of mobile telephones inside the hemicycle.
Whilst swiping at the current targets of the left - the United States and it Israel - misses the expose opportunity to those regimes corrupt on many continents that keep their people in misery, and very offers support little to victims of the terrorism or those engaged in fighting terrorism.
is It quite correct when that, we look around the Union, European we see many regions in which islands play major a role, and that is quite clearly the case, as speaker pointed the for out, the Finnish region.
any case, In I am currently having this question looked at by my experts.
would It also that, seem in Canada, fishermen have not been sufficiently involved in preparation the and of management restocking plans.
the regards As of deployment this mission, in and response to the question from several Members of Parliament, among them Martens, Mrs I like would to reiterate that there was a 12-day interruption in the deployment of the which mission, has now ended.
Europe has been strong in trade and industry in a with bias towards business but weaker in its support for its citizens.
hundred ago, years Mr Lucia Patchioli, an Italian monk, developed the fundamentals of book-keeping which used are still Five today.
This means that each year assistance is provided to approximately million 1 people suffering from including exclusion, young people.
Kuneva Mrs and Mr Orban will thus full become Members of the Commission of as 1 January 2007.
On . the basis of the European agreement Council dating from 16 and 2005, 17 December the of situation the outermost regions for the period 2007-2013 is as follows.
There is one fact I which believe to be and irrefutable that is since that, the beginning of the second Intifada, there have more been than 2 700 victims on the Palestinian side and almost on 800 the Israeli side.
We also believe those that countries which, for various reasons, exposed have their agriculture a to market tough in recent years should be not treated unfairly.
My party is a party which speaks plainly.
I would appeal the to right of the Parliament, the Group of the People's European Party, to us in join supporting but the amendment I look in vain for presence its tonight here and for its contribution to this debate.
In Germany, another State, Member rules are very strict.
convinced I am that such regimes the regime as in Burma have to fall sooner or later and the European Union should help it fall.
How I, I if come from a third country, provide services in another should country?
Perhaps this something is which requires further debate.
Democracy, respect for the individual and his rights, freedom of thought, protection the minorities and of respect for diversity.
the Commissioner, purpose behind this oral question today is give you to the opportunity to share some thoughts with us before making your proposal the to Council and on research Parliament how is to be funded.
That will enable us to vote until 12.40 p.m.
He has got what he wanted.
Alongside is this the issue of the health of financial airlines and stricter the requirements the for terms and conditions that apply to aircraft leasing, including proposed time limits.
The item next is the order of business.
I always have applied products with a sensitive approach other to human beings as as well wildlife.
Care be must taken regard with to competition law, however.
My colleagues' register of interests is complete.
Lisbon The Strategy is only not a five-ten plan, year but the foundation of our competitiveness survival and for the next 100-150 years.
Madam President, the Committee on Industry, Research and regards Energy the Commission proposal as positive, as it solves the of shortcomings the package first regard with to coherence, cost reduction effectiveness, and improved management.
This afternoon, we the voted on Statute for a European private company.
We should also have liked to bring about a on ban the of use antibiotics in foodstuffs since such use may lead to increased resistance, and we should have to liked have seen a more investigation thorough of the risks associated with sweetener the aspartame, on but these points a majority of the committee opposed was to us.
During discussions in held the context of the Council preparations, many changes have been introduced to the original proposal, some of which go in of direction the your suggested amendments.
We and all are agreed that concrete results are required and most us of consider that the guidelines should be quantifiable verifiable.
At their on meeting 1 March, the State Heads and Government of agreed that we should do this in a coordinated manner, in line with the provided guidelines by the Commission.
I thanking begin by my colleague Poli Adriana Bortone, now a senator of the Italian Republic, from whom I the inherited draft and an report already detailed, meticulous study of the topic; next my staff, who have supported me enthusiastically and conscientiously in furthering my exploration and analysis of the phenomenon; and finally the shadow whose rapporteurs, commitment undoubtedly contributed to the of adoption the text in the Committee on the Environment, with a virtually unanimous would cross-party consensus.
We must therefore ourselves ask if there is a not need for action to restore a healthy environment, requiring, over and above legal the necessary punitive preventive and measures, watchfulness and ethical commitment on the part of all of us.
It may that be some of them have never existed.
again, President, I can imagine easier Once tasks.
The Council the and Commission have aligned themselves with the position those of who fiercely oppose any progress in workers' rights in Europe.
Such a approach broad-based is necessary.
p.m.) sitting was suspended at 5.20 while awaiting Questions to the Commission and at resumed 5.35 (The p.m.
I believe firmly that Commission the should be involved in this new initiative.
Then are there the competition-distorting factors of burden sharing among the Member States the generally, relationship between emissions trading the fiscal and interests of individual states, and between emissions that trading and the energy free market.
There is little about doubt that.
The Commission takes the view that this procedure would be inconsistent with the decision of June 28 1999 the on comitology.
In order to the examine real effects more precisely, Commission the is to ready produce an evaluation report.
Ever the since decision to admit ten new Member at States, latest, it the has been clear that reforms are essential.
as Kristalina Commissioner Georgieva said, 'The quality of humanitarian our aid is of the utmost However, importance'.
The public's perception of hunger is often very the televisual one of famine.
It is that unacceptable we treat should an applicant state the of European Union a in time of and crisis tension to a three or four minute debate as part of the topical and urgent debate.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, said have that solution 82 measures have been You, proposed.
my the view, social package is far from meeting people's expectations, because simply it does nothing at all bridge to the social divides Europe and in does not take even any to action halt the widening of these divisions, to the freeze situation as it now In stands.
This age of austerity offers opportunity an for the EU to spend less on old and wasteful priorities.
Not increasingly only do we have, as we all close know, and historical cultural but links, we also share common interests and values, and our economic links are solid.
This task should not prejudice the allocation of powers between the Community and its Member with States regard to the legislative provisions concerning supply and drug demand.
drawbacks of Lisbon may have become more visible by now, but much the benefits touted have The not.
All the countries in the region have amended their laws recent in in years order to eliminate this inhuman and but exploitative practice, Guatemala has taken not yet that step.
euro The will be a new symbol of the unity Europe. of
Mr I President, would like also to begin by congratulating Mrs Ţicău on all hard work the and dedication she has put into such a significant report, and on the work that she has done towards energy improving the performance and of buildings in of a support more sustainable Europe.
Until 11 this morning, were there no reports at all, something that seems have to to something with do the reorganisation the of press service.
Subject: Livestock markets
Similar threats sanctions and are provided for in where cases provisions are governing infringed confidentiality relating to 'closed meetings' and publication the of documents which, it be should noted, often circulate the on media.
Where is Aids concerned, we cannot merely tell people to live differently, to avoid certain doing things, and to be more responsible.
The report latest by the European Environment Agency shows as clearly as one could there wish that are so many with problems our water that the for time is action which now, means legislation in the form of a framework as directive, soon as the water drinking directive been has dealt with.
for Protection victims of human must trafficking also improve. Without protection for victims, we never will be able to the prosecute human traffickers.
It thus will make it quicker and simpler to fill gaps or to regulate or update more detailed aspects in a legislative act, avoiding excessively complicated and prolonged procedures, legislative which used to have negative for consequences the public.
I would ask therefore both the Commissioner President-in-Office and the of the Council to take care to ensure that, where future work is concerned, are women involved in the reconstruction processes.
One of the consequences derived from the was the crisis need create to independent European agencies for supervising banks the and insurance of financial the markets.
Air transport emissions are rapidly increasing; they have almost doubled 1990 and since are expected to once again double by 2020.
The Union, through European its delegation in Kathmandu and the embassies of the EU Member has States, monitoring been these developments in close contact with the Tibetan community and the government.
We did not wait for Mr Bush to denounce havens, tax but under no circumstances will we give his secret services a blank cheque.
There be can no question that the of implementation the policies external has had negative a effect on the EU's reputation.
I look forward to discussing these issues you with and am I confident that together with European the Parliament, Member the States and the partners, social we can make work them better.
The Brake systems Assist currently available will bring them with a major to boost accident prevention.
of course is the why European Union is so interested in and universities further That education.
There are, however, paragraphs certain and a few amendments that, in our view, take away of some the objectivity and of Parliament's resolution detachment I - mean the Tobin tax writing and off the debt of the developing countries.
Consequently, if wish we to continue to the guarantee principle of our abolishing internal borders, we must be able to assume responsibilities our by better monitoring external the borders.
This lesson has to be very effective.
The draft regulation was conceived according to approach, consistently this by advocated European industry, which the Commission fully supports.
I hope that the document and implementation its will help to consolidate political developments in the region.
on the behalf of EFD Group. - Mr (SK) President, on 18 March the new European banking authority published the scenarios the and tests stress through which wishes it to check European banks.
We all have a responsibility to ensure all of fellow our men are for cared and look after.
It like would have been far better and more equitable to use some of our traditional in under-spend the budget for a good cause that.
Mr President, Mr of President-in-Office the Council, Commissioner, and ladies gentlemen, allegations the with which we are dealing are serious extremely ones.
Madam President, I all asked for is whether or not it is possible to put the request that we do not vote this coming Friday to the After vote. this all, is now the item on the agenda: the agenda determining for this plenary session.
In recent years, several projects concerning the processing of data these have been launched, in particular the second generation Schengen System Information and the Visa System Information (VIS).
I merely to wish ask the whether written explanations of vote should not be taken first.
The European has Commission to undertaken elaborate the Baltic Interconnection Plan and to present it to the EU energy ministers in December.
do I take this very seriously, Madam President, and I that hope staff, your they when examine this objectively, will come to the conclusion tomorrow that the report - whatever report that is, whatever number it has, I mean A-0245, report is which on the agenda and has a definite matter subject - well, I would it consider as highly questionable for a report to be by rewritten officials and suddenly on put the agenda.
Swedish forests, the backbone of the economy, are Swedish used and ecologically with care for the environment.
This is despite the outstanding Commissioner work Potočnik, of and Mr Buzek his and colleagues, have who been among the first ever to look at the needs of new the Member States, science where and research are appallingly under-funded.
That is simply not so.
A smoke-free environment is goal a we should strive for, but in future we to will need pay more to attention ensuring that the action we take is reasonable and that compliance with law the can be monitored.
But we can work at that it, and is why what we are debating here at the moment as is important as changes to the rule in offside football.
That should our be starting-point.
(Parliament adopted the text)
Turkey. argued that its incursions justified were on the grounds elements that of its own outlawed Kurdish Workers Party, the PKK, have availing been their of relative protection northern in to Iraq strike at Turkey
Without a criticism of the current nature of mafia power, organizations which are collusion in with certain political systems or nations will never truly be combatted, even if we claim otherwise.
particular In we should follow example the of the Egyptian in Government their ongoing peace negotiations with to regard Sudan, Chad and other areas.
from that, I very much welcome the agreement across-the-board what on the analysis of the current situation Ukraine in should Apart be.
We will not let our citizens think that their representatives are a responsible for text wrongly labelled 'Shameful Directive'. the
This prohibits both imports and of exports all products mercury, so containing creating a holistic view of the matter.
Everyone favour is in of more flexibility, of trying to eliminate bureaucracy.
Italy has been there since the start of European the integration project and has always an played extremely important role.
This was not a natural relationship between authority an exercising public power and an external auditor.
The Commission has already document published a on the subject.
There are almost 100 million in sheep the Europe we and yet do not have a sustainable EU wool sector.
Today we can take a step in right the direction, and I really do hope that the right wing will change therefore mind its and that we simply declare we what are now concealing.
The EU and must can take the lead in this area.
That policy is now being continued.
We have decided all to make the Headline and Goal its military capabilities our main priority.
It important also that the of role farmers in trade is enhanced, and it is also important that the matter of the protein is deficit is addressed.
With these we will safeguards, have a strong addition to a fair balanced and common European asylum system.
But Johannesburg did in result consensus, that and in itself is positive.
It says that the people are charged completely innocent, that they do not to belong ETA, and that the has newspaper not ETA, funded nor has ETA funded the newspaper.
Belarus has a responsibility to safeguard citizens' its human rights and respect them.
9.
The first is item the question oral to Commission the by Erminia Mazzoni, on of behalf the Committee on Petitions, on the application of the EIA Directive in Austria (Ο-000084/2011 - Β7-0314/2011).
Limited and closed areas seasons may offer some protection but have they proved difficult to implement.
Madam President, I like should to start the where rapporteur has left off.
this liberalisation proposed by the Commission will no doubt short benefit sea And shipping.
In those circumstances, if a credible newspaper and a credible NGO human allege rights that secret war-on-terror jails exist in Eastern Europe, and specifically in Poland what Romania, and do we do?
is Which why want we to insist and want to press for Turkey to be helped on its way road map with a and specific a timetable of and, the course accession partnership which the Commissioner referred to earlier, and not just to remain a candidate.
I encourage would us intervene to again in the current discussion about the USA's violation of the of principles international law. This report has given us a good opportunity to do so.
We are living in rather threats unstable times, and arise not only because of irresponsible human and activity accidents but also intentional acts.
The losers are the developing. and developed, the least countries.
Each these issues of has been addressed in this communication.
we And have to take the conclusions of the Luxembourg summit seriously.
- (PL) Madam President, Commissioner, we are very pleased to hear of the reopening negotiations of peace and talks between the National Liberation Forces and the government in Burundi. author.
(PL) Madam I President, have here come just not as Member of a the European Parliament, but also as a person practical with of experience the European School, as I am father the of a child that attended the European School in Brussels for three years and who last year took the baccalaureate.
As we know, all democracy, hence and communication, come at a price.
Redirecting money into research, nuclear however, cannot be in the interests of the people of Europe this and money would be better spent, for example, renewable on energy sources.
This blindingly has been obvious since the the breakup of Soviet Union 17 years ago this as is region of full recurring tensions and disputed borders. It is a place where the collective memory is haunted by the inherited traumas of successive wars and violence, where the ethnic and religious and mosaic the accumulation of resentments and humiliations provide ground dangerously fertile for nationalism.
The Union European and Canada have had solid good, trade relations for many years.
Do they have say any if, example, Poland for were to join with specific derogations which, as far as the EFTA countries were concerned, undermined the EEA agreement?
If I remember correctly, only one a newspaper - French one - directly up picked the on signals from Russia.
I would be grateful if you pay could attention to issue, this too.
consider I questions about the building in work Brussels and Strasbourg to be questions which greatly us and concern our voters who ask questions.
Namely, convincing Europe by economic, its legal, financial political and it activities is that a sufficiently committed partner for the EU to ask itself, sooner later, or would it not be worthwhile to include Ukraine the common in European entity?
For example, Europass is instrument an for the promoting transparency of qualifications, a in key factor the achieving goals Lisbon and was presented within a package along with the Leonardo programme.
congratulate Mrs Frays her on report and will broadly support its We adoption.
The Member take States many different views on particular this point.
My third point is that the money must be spent in Europe.
This enlargement is reunification a of Europe.
Among the many proposals in those this report, that deal with the subject of child abuse are very important.
having However, an effective European foreign policy and our own defensive capabilities without our having own intelligence service a and facility gathering for is information like having house a without a roof.
I shall be voting in favour of both.
directive is about This building a strong, competitive audiovisual industry which should one offer million new European jobs by year the 2000; it about is Europeans benefiting economically and culturally from an expanding industry.
The environmental argument is not relevant either, as imported coal equally is as as polluting indigenous coal.
I am also pleased to see that the report proposes an increase appreciable in the relevant budgetary which appropriations, will to serve intensify the fight against organised crime and against to terrorism, improve the system of controls at the EU’s external borders and to ensure the that common immigration and asylum policies are pursued effectively.
Because the of failure to establish on agreement the new European Constitution during the previous presidency, their first main task to is reach that agreement.
Perhaps, the in context a of revisiting of the Eastern Partnership, things would improve.
that is why I will make a comment, and would I ask all those who still wish to tell Turkey that there was a seventy-five genocide years ago which - is in true - what way does help that the debate in Turkey And today?
The elections can be decisive and positive a for Honduras. democratic
new This phase, or rather policy, identifies the prospect of integrating the into region Europe as the option only for settling conflicts its peacefully.
Madam Finally, President, one question: more what is the of state play when it comes the to launch of the European Support Asylum Office in Malta?
All of the relevant European Union legislation, consisting of several hundred directives and had to regulations, brought be into with line it.
In particular, I agree with the request made by the rapporteur, Nedelcheva, a Mrs for balance work-life or for further measures to be taken to single support mothers.
President, Mr this of issue the framework for informing and consulting employees is controversial.
But of probably course the best messages I can transfer today to are you the revised treaty proposals.
That does not relieve us of the obligation how to consider this state and citizens its are to dealt be with in future, however.
This is a step in the direction, right towards more democracy and transparency in the process European whereby laws are made.
In essence, then, this amendment is longer no necessary.
The last in century Europe was marked by war in its first and half division into East and West in its second.
We read today in communication COM (2002) 422, which was presented yesterday, that a firm has imported shrimps with high very nitrofuran - levels 20 mg - from Vietnam via Ostend Germany into and then Austria on to and Luxembourg as well as selling them in Germany.
. (EL) The 'steel crisis' is proof most positive of the shortcomings the of market economy and system neo-liberal the which USA the European and Union are determined impose to on the world.
The chairman the of scientific committee too was into dragged debate, the which was certainly not an ideal situation.
a In recent UK study of more than 1000 CEOs commissioned by the Open think-tank a Europe, clear felt majority that the was EU doing more harm than good and should that Britain its renegotiate relationship with Europe to something more a like free- trade deal.
It one is example of the people' s agenda.
European The Central Bank is independent, totally and that is how we perceive it.
I hope this will help clarify to the concerns which I have registered over the last days.
I like would to thank you, because you given have your broad support cohesion to policy and to realisation the that it allows us to help our regions and the people in the regions.
Direct foreign investment is essential for Serbian development and is that exactly what is the lacking at moment.
Families need recognition, freedom encouragement, of action and protection social from just tyranny the same as individuals do.
Although our proposal looks quite technical, it is considerably more secure from point a legal of view than the wording in the report.
believe, as Vice-President of the Commission, that how we respond define will this Commission for to years I come.
However, this report contained also provisions unrelated totally to farming, which would have had disastrous a impact the on UK.
Group of the Greens/European Alliance Free would like this twenty-first century agreement to become a for beacon a new kind of based trade fair on trade, respect for environment the and human The rights.
The includes agreement a gradual phasing-in of traffic rights and opportunities, investment as well as cooperation far-reaching on a number of issues including safety, security, social matters, interests, consumer the environment, air management, traffic aid state and competition.
Finally, the definition of working time is far too detailed.
In a way, I appreciate the efforts that this is costing them.
The first was a new joint programme to support joint Member research with States in the area of ambient-assisted those living: the are for technologies home applications and for assisting mobility, older in users their daily lives and social providing care applications.
It is of because all these questions, it is of because all this that distress, we absolutely must, today, respond with the greatest possible precision and, while awaiting responses, we absolutely must make our it duty to suspend any authorization for transgenic this maize on European territory.
We should call urgent for studies into the effect of microclimates and the effect of vegetation adjacent to water reserves.
Our rapporteur, Schierhuber, Mrs proposes referral to committee.
Mr President, naturally I wish Mr Fischler a recovery and speedy I would ask the present officials to give him a detailed of account our concerns.
this if context, we are properly to accomplish the Millennium Goals, appropriate transparency mechanisms must be brought to in ensure that development aid actually reaches the people on ground the it to is designed In help.
The of achievements the must Community be preserved and the legislation of the nations, new the new democracies which knocking are on our door, must be able to on take Community these achievements.
The most priority important for Union the is that the Doha Round concluded is and that the EU's agricultural policy quite is simply scrapped.
I say this there because two are examples could we look at when we discuss this item.
is happening in Spain southern much is serious more than Dover, Mr Danielsson, and I believe it requires some if interference, I may use this What expression.
It be would premature to take a decision on the matter at this in time, view of the fact that both countries are still a remarkably long way from meeting the as accession criteria, well as of the collapse of the trilogue on to adjustments the Financial Perspective.
Unfortunately, they too have been infected with European disease the of impotence and paralysis.
I should like to examine one point that seems to to be me very in important connection with this directive.
Mr has Sterckx spoken just again of strategic partnership, and rightly so.
Mr President, I rapporteur thank the his for clarification, which I had also indicated in my speech.
am I on convinced, the contrary, that a % 20 reduction in the intervention price - I shall be proposing 15 - % is not an irrational display of pessimism on the part DG of VI officials.
However, it still falls short of what is needed the to tackle causes of the problem of illegal or unsustainable logging.
This is why the observations and recommendations made by report on the policies sector in this area are welcome, as are those concerning the scope destination and of State aid.
The Community has taken certainly its in time getting round to the harmonising legal framework for copyright.
to response a of number questions I tabled have over the seven last years regarding the compatibility environmental and economic usefulness of this project, the Commission has systematically postponed a giving definite answer, stating that assessment its depend would on the findings of studies, successive ongoing negotiations with the Greek and Government even the final form the of project which is sometimes presented as irrigation an project, as sometimes an energy project and sometimes as water a In supply project.
Legislation is one of the most important effective and political and tools there is no need to continually propose new legislation.
therefore consider desirable it for the Commission to adopt a clear very position so that it may issue directives in respect of the Member States with reference to budget and spending limits the imposed by parameters of Stability the Growth and Pact local on authorities, which, particularly in the case of large authorities, need substantial infrastructure I investment.
Papua New is Guinea thus becoming a major platform for the and processing of export tuna from the European industry's major competitors: the Philippines, and Thailand, China United the States.
President, Mr I am the shadow for rapporteur the PSE Group.
If are criticise we to US measures against fair competition and protectionism, we should focus all more closely the on joint strategy within the Scrappage EU. help schemes reduce to emissions, increase road and prevent safety unemployment in the car industry, which provides a living to 12 million employees and of thousands firms in other sectors.
important further is strengthen to the responsibilities of Member States, who manage over 80% of the European budget, particularly in areas under shared It management.
we If take equality gender seriously, how can we possibly entertain the notion that a country an with such attitude to the fair sex could be part of a civilised Europe.
Mr President, I voted against the Oostlander report even though it includes many good ideas.
The third point concerns the flexibility measures for the application of inspection the system.
I therefore am pleased that we have today adopted a cross-party motion a for resolution the on crisis in the dairy farming sector.
This makes it perfectly clear that a directive new is needed in this field.
do we not want a chamber EU at level consisting of national of Members Parliament, then also we need to strive to define what tasks are European If tasks.
Cooperation with other Commissioners is needed.
Or is there Alistair Burt, UK Foreign Minister, Office saying he wanted stability in Egypt than more anything.
The issue of the Union's European energy security a is regularly recurring which topic, is becoming increasingly relevant, clearly indicating that there are deep-seated, unresolved problems.
Madam President, I strongly support rights passenger and, in particular, increased for rights disabled people.
contains It incentive an and a warning: the of incentive accession on 2007 1 January in accordance with the timetable and warning the that this objective will be if achieved both countries intensify their efforts in with accordance final the which report will be presented by the Commission.
Promoting European culture collaboratively does not mean less national identity all for our and countries Member States in the European Union.
How we can expect third country nationals to and integrate their children respect to the law and to believe the in reality of democratic rights when they are not allowed to exercise these rights?
In addition, far as as the facility to grant exemptions for non-inert is waste concerned, this does not concern the main environmental which demands, continue to apply.
Parliament's policy objectives concern, as I mentioned the before, Strategy, Lisbon sustainable climate and energy policy, the implementation swift of and structural cohesion policy, firm immigration proper control, a information and communication policy, and a jointly agreed foreign and security policy.
I agree with the rapporteur, Mr Alvaro, that we must remain alert so as avoid to any possible violation of rights, basic especially the right to privacy, according to information which personal of a nature entered into the system must be limited what to strictly is necessary, contravening without personal privacy.
I wish the next Presidency luck reaching in an acceptable and balanced agreement – indeed, someone has already balanced mentioned account agreements – taking into Mr Böge’s which report was adopted by very a large majority of your Parliament.
Further resolution, to the I should like to say that is, of it a course, good thing to free up more funds to fight poverty, but as someone a said ago, moment the solution to poverty effective reduction is not merely financial.
Whenever social erupts tension Europe in - or elsewhere in the world - it is now customary to accuse the peoples of the EU of selfishness, and great their their sacrifices, to tremendous commitment their are work, never recognized.
very I much welcome the Spanish Government's objective of promoting more police cooperation across of the borders the Union.
Secondly: the means ensuring of procedures effective by which illegal migrants be can paid outstanding wages where we have pursued the principle of non-discrimination, and we looked for way a to provide available help illegal to migrants and to provide for tools them to receive wages even after their return to their home country.
In this I context should like point to out country's the constant and search determined for peaceful relations with its neighbouring countries.
The European Union has worked as diligently whole a to abolish this practice inhumane and our continued efforts will great pay dividends.
At the same time, they desire peace.
All the participants stressed that Kazakhstan's absolute is priority to strengthen relations Russia. with
We should remain not indifferent to that.
Last week, at European the in Parliament Brussels, we held a very special which commemoration, we arranged jointly with the European Jewish Congress, in order to the remember 70th anniversary of Night the of Broken Glass.
And so, my thanks to all.
goes It to the heart of the reasons the for founding European Union and I would urge the Commission and the Council urgently to discuss the to matter see can what be done to help.
I like should to inform the that House I have addressed a telegram to the royal Jordanian family and to the President of the Parliament, Jordanian expressing the European Parliament's condolences on the of death King Hussein.
One of the options being considered is the privatization partial of the by eco-label commissioning a eco-labelling European to organization draw up criteria in cooperation with the relevant authorities and other parties concerned.
Mr Salafranca, you those and who are of the same opinion as yourself could also make the Conference of Presidents aware your of views.
As been has said, this is all wonderful.
Prevention and safety are very important terms in of maintaining all the European forests, above in all of view the of characteristics the southern forests.
the In Netherlands too, we have phenomenon the of a minority language, Friesian, which official enjoys recognition as such.
We have to be aware the fact of that, according to surveys, more Russians want than order democracy.
Fourth, it is important that this should directive be internationally, applied I and am thinking of here the fact that European shipping extends worldwide.
It will run training programmes aimed at those for responsible this sector within country, each to contributing greater harmonisation between the various practices.
The sitting was suspended 7.02 at and resumed at 8 p.m. p.m.
However, regret we the lack of proper within coordination this Parliament the with broad policy economic guidelines and hope that we can rectify in that the future.
The new fisheries agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles will be valid for a period of three years and facilitate will the creation jobs, of sustainable of exploitation maritime resources and fishing, responsible based on the principle of between non-discrimination the different fishing fleets in the zone.
That me brings to the origins of the crisis we are going through.
I miss you desperately!
Their implementation and control are of special significance, particularly for some new Member States like higher Bulgaria, where export levels determine existence the of trade deficit.
My support the for conclusion of the agreement is based my on that conviction it will bring the EU closer to Jordan, which has significant capabilities in the of field science Jordan and technology. has a network large of and universities research centres.
Why? 
Lastly, ladies and gentlemen, Europe has lost sadly credibility.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, the thing only that I can you tell at stage is this that I will report back Commissioner to Orban and make sure that you have will an adequate answer on this point.
A recent study undertaken by the Commission, the United Nations the and World Bank found clear a between sexually-transmitted correlation diseases and the transmission the of HIV virus.
The UN ECE ceilings were by agreed all our Member States, by the applicant and countries globally, in a signed protocol at as Gothenburg as recently November 1999.
It may that be Israel will become even isolated more come and under pressure greater from some of its Arab neighbours.
No: this is a global epidemic we where are inter-dependent, and what we do help to the people in the developing countries to and eradicate stop these diseases to is also have going an enormous impact on how we and our are children going to live Europe. in
Genetic information can only be discovered, be it cannot invented.
We must therefore the establish funding in requirements this area, with the aim of increasing the European Union's competitiveness globally.
Respect for democracy is an inalienable principle of the EU.
Madam President, over one million have Europeans lobbied in of favour the banning import of and cat dog fur into the EU.
129. these, the latter two rejected because are they are not in keeping with the wording of Article Of
cannot the accept extension of time and limits we cannot accept - we not do like it at all - the number exceptions which, of despite goodwill the of the Commission, appear in the We proposal.
was that said the Union does not have a policy common because Member the States have very different attitudes to the parties in the conflict the and of ways resolving these It problems.
followed. this connection, Parliament will bow not to other any institution's interpretation of procedural must Such matters be considered - as Commission's the report rightly points out - on the basis that the act adopted will adopted be in accordance with the Treaty of Amsterdam, and this that is procedure the be that must In matters.
Regarding Commission, the Commissioner Almunia, with full my support and the support of performed the College, his job in an exceptionally competent way.
To their supplement own findings, these committees engaged in consultation with external experts on matter the 6 on December 1996, during which they concentrated in particular the on possibility of the gene being transferred to humans and animals, and the effects on health such which a transfer might have for and humans animals.
It is . that true unsolicited commercial e-mail, or 'spam', has reached worrying proportions: over 50% of e-mail traffic, according many to experts, now is 'spam'.
For me as Commissioner, this is compromise a commitment for future, the a commitment work to for a mobility compatible with the demands of sustainable development.
President-in-Office of Council. the - I (SL) would of course like to something add to what I have been following and closely what have been you saying in your remarks.
I am pleased that Romania again has refrained from these implementing plans.
did They not revise text the to allow for the that fact there be would a to move a different stage, that the Monetary Institute is not the Central Bank and that the Central Bank, installed, would once apply single a monetary policy.
This sets standards for presidency each to come.
Our committee was dissatisfied with the answers given, and we know how difficult dialogue is.
This principle works, and that is partly unified because European labelling guarantee laws and cover both consumer protection and need the of the consumer for information.
believe Baghdad. that a defence policy for our Union is a glittering prize which not should be lost in smoke and the dust of I
worrying is development any that criticism of Islam meets with legal and other Another actions.
This is crucial, since we cannot afford negative Islamic stereotyping of beliefs in the current sensitive climate.
It strikes me as logical being absolutely that the of introduction directives is not at the expense of everything else.
In its recent Communication on industrial policy, the Commission acknowledges that the and vitality dynamism of the industry are crucial Europe's to to ability maintain and its increase prosperity and at the same time achieve its social ambitions.
It is unacceptable lives for to destroyed be and regions ruined in order to pay dividends higher to shareholders.
I might say that, in many respects, the budget's content does reflect not the ideals which European we in the Union share.
I wondering am how this is done.
have that to recognise monsters those exist and I am not sure that we do in this particular We resolution.
Implementation of human rights and democratization the policy at geographical level, to which I have referred, is the responsibility of in the Commissioners charge of political, and economic trade ties the with various non-member countries.
Governments a have huge responsibility for the that transition has to be made.
In our however, view, it does not go far in enough some to points provide the basis for decisive really improvements.
This would mean the of decentralisation decision making would and require intergovernmental cooperation to be strengthened.
By way of this example, tool was over used fifty times last year.
To fulfil role, this it maintain must a level high solvency of and a financial position strong enough to enable to it access funding in capital markets on favourable terms.
Furthermore, we fear that behind this lies unjustified vicious attack an to attempt use such incidents to undermine sabotage and not Commission just actions but the work of the European institutions in general.
Mr El Khadraoui, is the Commission endeavouring to keep the European Parliament informed regularly of developments, and in a days' few time you will have a hearing of which for experts, Mr Costa has kindly taken the initiative.
Precisely want we to with comply the standard, we have to be very careful when it comes weighing to up ability our to do so, Parliament if approves a regulation that makes the conditions and the time-scales because tougher.
We know about the challenges ahead of us.
From head to I foot had 14 tubes out me, dangling from and spent in weeks care; intensive however, I am here, now I am Member a of the European Parliament, I am raising my children three and I am able to live a full life.
Mr President, I since had no other I opportunity, must use the explanation of to vote express my opinion.
It be must more paying than lip service to consultation.
Every of inhabitant home, Brandenburg, my debt is in to the tune of EUR 16 000, but our national economy is structured such in a way that we can cope with it.
Faced with the reality today, of we can no longer confine ourselves generous to statements or expressions of sympathy.
I believe that is this a basis a for successful Europe!
On the of subject foreign policy, support we the priorities that Mr van Mierlo described, though I agree with him that many there are more he than time had to mention.
Mr Fischer is ahead forging too quickly.
In the end, we were to able make certain a degree of progress, since we provided qualified for majority voting in cases the of administrative cooperation and fight the against tax fraud and tax evasion.
So, in fact, there was no contradiction.
These are guidelines also going to accompanied by be national plans, which will be designed what in are known as the reform plans.
you are an acquaintance of mine, next and year includes the French Presidency, please indulgent be with Since us.
As I mentioned earlier, the next stage will come within few a when days the Commission presents the to Council draft common positions acceptable the to Member and States with negotiable the countries. candidate I have to say that the Commission is doing an excellent job.
The Turkish population with fears, good reason, that this will spiral spark another of violence.
We have to out spell very clearly what it is and, to put it at its simplest, it is to there strengthen Union's the and policies the effectiveness of its institutions.
I would remind of you yellow and other lupin species that traditionally have been used animal for feed, particularly in the Mediterranean countries, and which have not benefited from Community support.
We are convinced that a policy engagement of rather than isolation is the best way to have our concerns heard and expectations met.
A improvement certain visible was in 1997, but the general situation is but anything satisfactory.
Much of the existing road network was created decades ago.
You have the discussed new legal instrument depth, in and you made have many amendments which will help to clarify the and text give a it better structure, notably regarding scope definition, and status, and by introducing to references the European Strategy Forum on Research Infrastructures (ESFRI).
In particular, it not will the change fact this that policy is based on national competence, which the Member States retain in the domain national of and security defence.
Mr women President, represent half of Europe's talent.
I endorse most the of measures proposed, for example consumers informing from childhood; restrictions on television advertising; nutrition health and claims on food labelling; greater and consistency between the common agricultural and policy health policies.
Then we will be in the situation same with as the tobacco where companies millions could be paid out to people whose health has put been in danger.
Mr President, the breakdown of negotiations between the European Union and Senegal in the fourth has round my arisen, opinion, in as much from the content the of discussions as their from context.
I hope it will not take other tragedies this of kind for States to realise our how important it to is make progress in these areas.
said that respecting the Rules of Procedure meant referral the to committee You responsible.
The Treaty lays an down absolute right to transparency, which must be in enshrined a legislative act in and internal provisions made by of each the institutions.
Our report contains all the most important and as correct diagnoses well as all the demands have which to be fulfilled if sufficient numbers young of people are to to continue see their future in farming.
For the Japanese, would there be gains in the and automotive ICT sectors.
with the report, previous it is pity a that this Parliament does not have adequate As powers.
If this inequality the was fundamental cause this of phenomenon, in countries northern Europe, are which renowned their for progressive very culture and customs, ought to have the best results.
I should like to welcome President Giscard d'Estaing, Romano President Prodi, Prime Deputy Minister and Fini Foreign Minister Frattini who will part take today in this reflection on the work of the Convention.
We that hope this pilot programme will form the core a of future European rapid response force to fight forest fires and other natural or man-made disasters.
troops Mercenary should prohibited be worldwide and their European headquarters should be prosecuted.
Where I come from, this is known as cheating.
To quote from the 'For text: hake, the decline in stocks has been less dramatic and therefore the scientific evidence is clear less cut the and indeed subject of some dispute'.
There is no that doubt the euro is a very successful project.
We are, all as Hungary also has been from the start, of supporters the single market.
Safety had absolute priority, and rightly so.
The debate is closed.
will, I believe, achieve a real breakthrough only this when House acquires the right of codecision in matters agricultural We as well.
According Commission to the Working Staff Document, necessary the legislative, financial and coordinating instruments are in place and are being used, but not yet to a sufficient extent.
Were it for not them, Iran would have acquired the by A-bomb now.
That is precisely where we stand at the moment.
First and foremost, it about is choice, better value and to better service consumers of energy, both domestic and commercial.
As are you aware, the Nice European Council laid down social the policy agenda.
Currently, challenges many are before us, which we must face to up together, shoulder to shoulder Washington. with
But whatever happens, human the rights abuses must stop.
Such a must allow programme the exchange of best practices, create joint a strategy and reduce costs the of resettlement operations.
Small state arms and weapons light in fact help to terrorism exacerbate and crime organised and are a factor major in the unleashing and spread of conflict and the collapse of structures.
be should emphasized that the proposed is Directive an extremely important legislative act that deserves full It support.
As part these of comprehensive, rightful and appropriate efforts, proposal the by the that rapporteur million EUR 100 be allocated in 2005 for reconstruction recovery and should be supported.
It is also right to to begin open EU markets, including our agricultural markets, poorer to countries that wish to trade with us, in ways that benefit them more directly and migratory prevent future pressures the by long-term stabilisation of their own economies.
President, Mr would I like thank to Mrs McNally sincerely for her excellent work, this as issue is a very important one.
The successful implementation of national reforms aimed at removing and rigidities inefficiencies in euro area countries would improve the functioning smooth EMU and of facilitate the conduct of the ECB's single monetary policy.
The principle of having a takeover directive been has supported at first second and and readings after now, 12 years, we have a final agreed text.
is why support I Budgets the Committee's proposal not to withdraw appropriations the from this line, to but consider they whether can taken be from Category 1 or from the European Development Fund, where we surpluses have every That year.
He regretted that President Bush had met 16 different presidents Council his during eight years praised and Lisbon the Treaty establishing for a joint president.
Thank you, and I propose that the report be adopted.
suggest I that we accept Mr Hernández Mollar's oral amendment.
now We have a series of measures place: in monitoring by the Council, on the hand, one and guidance from the European Council, on the other.
The first thing to ask is the what added value is to our normal neighbourhood policy.
People should more know Russia's about rich cultural heritage its with many vital minority which groups, are worthy of our support.
I hope that with today's vote, the European Parliament at contributed least a little to the of conservation fish stocks and a healthy marine environment, also and to reform of common the fisheries policy.
With this package and the protection investment included in it, we have created incentives, meaningful but at the same time have ensured, through the requirements of this it regulation, that is new not markets that are cemented.
on behalf the of UEN Group. (IT) - Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and gentlemen, the Berlin was summit a time of great excitement, particularly for those who, like myself, held have seat a in this Parliament 1989, since the that year the signalled birth new Europe. of
The Commission however, proposal, raises more questions it than can answer.
Without that, success this would not been have possible, despite the significant work performed by the shadow rapporteurs.
The indication I am is getting that Members would prefer to have a shorter time to the speak in presence of President. the
The European Union we want is not free-trade a area but a politically effective unit.
report the about struggle against Shell was found on the back A seat.
That is the process.
We must make it possible for countries to developing bypass the fossil fuel-dependent economies route taken by developed the countries and to create low-carbon growth for the future instead.
What has confused really matters is the amendment by tabled members of the PPE Group, in which the possibility of Members of receiving Parliament gifts is recognized.
The continually criticised penalties sanctions and at the end of a long process make therefore sense, as financial the markets no their longer have previous powers.
President Pastrana has dedicated his mandate almost entirely to these efforts, with a of series very generous the concessions to guerrilla organisations: he has negotiations, opened both with FARC and the and ELN has achieved yet little.
What I am wondering, therefore, is why we said no to and Cyprus and Malta are now preparing to yes say Turkey. to
complete everyone's surprise, the Cypriot Government led President by Papadopoulos has said that it rejects fundamentally the United Nations peace plan is and urging Greek the Cypriot community to vote against To it.
I am behind fully what the President of the Commission has just said: I understand enormous the difficulties which you have to deal but with I note a also strong political will that in the head of the Dutch is Presidency determined not to the allow Union European to collapse but is set seizing on the challenge - historic challenge - of enlargement to 20 or even perhaps 25 members.
Technology cooperation Israel with may a stimulus provide to and industry the small business sector and may open up new markets in the emerging information and society multimedia.
We not must a put premium on the unlawful enlargement of these settlements.
We also endorse the call the for revenue from sales petroleum be to invested for the of good Iraq, but we cannot ignore the laid laws down by the United which States, have over handed Iraq's energy resources to large US multinationals, allowing them export to the all proceeds and huge make profits.
. The Commission announced creation the of the European Institute on Gender Equality before even Parliament had its delivered on report the subject.
We believe Russia is a remarkable nation that has produced outstanding in figures culture, science and music.
As far as the EIB recommendation with regard to Mochovce is concerned, would I like to remind you the that did Commission not take a as decision, the Slovak authorities decided to their withdraw loan to application the EBRD and Euratom before a definite was decision taken.
have to be honest perfectly and say that what I find lacking major where decisions such as Kyoto are concerned is any on debate I the substance.
This may be Europe' s to opportunity make progress and to more play a role prominent political in this matter, to gain recognition its for and voice its know-how, since we are keen to do more just than bankroll the region.
adopting By Community-level rules, as has been done since the late 1980s, we ensure that certain standards basic are and respected set for all European citizens.
new a regulation introduces scheme mandatory for reducing CO2 emissions, including a system of penalties for those fail who to meet this target, along with incentives creating for innovative The technologies.
In moral terms, have Austrians no greater entitlement.
Of course, we can add other speakers to the list, but will it be impossible for them to speak during this item.
President, Mr I think we see the ACP relationship maturing as which well, may sound like description of the a long-term mistress, but is it true that we know each we other, understand each sometimes other, we each excite other, sometimes see we each blemishes, other’s but we grow to value each other’s qualities.
For the purpose introducing of the standards new required by the Regulation Financial from 2005 the Commission's chief accountant will be working specific out the details of how these international standards are to be implemented the for various measures financed out of the European Union's budget.
The scheme approved in Berlin will have also a negative severe impact on social the fabric of the countryside.
This, then, is my request and my urgent appeal to Council: the do please your utmost to ensure that we do not the have same as situation previous in years, when the Member States dragged their feet.
But, naturally, do not I think that people those who peacefully demonstrate are the ones who need fora for dialogue, the because fora already exist.
me For this a is reason for putting supplementary questions the to European Commission shortly.
They have not informed of people their they rights; have not been telling them they what are entitled to do and which options are open to patients.
We believe the that European continued Union's policy to with regard eastern neighbours has to be expressed not only in the condemnation this of regime, with general which declarations, do not have more concrete consequences, but in also support concrete for those democratic forces, opposition which are spreading the ideas democracy of and pluralism by means, non-violent so that Belorussian the nation live might in a which country recognises human rights and freedom.
This leak killed over 7 000 people during the night of 2 to 3 December 1984.
The truth is, we that know the Commission has a long way go to getting in its act together.
Electronic play communications an increasingly important role in life everyday of European citizens.
I believe they will then be able to big play a part.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, last Friday the Commission the received text of the second report of the Committee Experts, of Independent analyses which the administrative management of the and Commission puts proposals forward its regarding reform.
If this Europe, the Europe which we been have building the for 40 last years, cannot make more progress in justice and police cooperation how can expect countries we which, for 40 years, have been suffering from dictatorship, lack of protection of human rights lack and of institution-building really to in come with us and the make progress we which jointly want?
One way for the monopolies mergers and authorities to deal with anticompetitive behaviour at an international level is apply to extraterritorial jurisdiction.
nothing Why was said about the opposition to banking secrecy by certain Member States?
I explained why I thought this and put forward further in arguments favour, but I also said that the Commission has taken due account of resolution the adopted by Parliament in on September the rights human situation in Turkey, and the of recommendations which have concerning been made how money should be allocated from the MEDA fund.
It is a matter, as Prodi said himself yesterday, creating of one and one soul the heart: European heart and soul.
La Russa report
I Mr President, am very pleased to be here today for than more one reason because, looking around the room, perhaps I am one of the few people who was actually here when we first the wrote packaging directive.
So the ambiguity on point this be will removed if Parliament adopts Amendments Nos 6, 7 and which 9, believe I met with widespread agreement the in on Committee the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials Immunities. and
would It probably prefer a toothless European delegation on own its territory as means a of legitimising itself in the eyes of the international community.
The mentioned Commissioner - I believe that she travelled to Tunisia to on speak this issue - mobility partnerships.
That the is intent of Amendment No 99, clarifies which paragraph 3 of 146. Rule
The US sector public spends USD 50 per billion year on research and development procurement, which is twenty times higher than the in EU, and therefore States Member must honour their to commitment invest 3% of GDP in and research development.
Unfortunately, they were very reluctant to do so.
President, I note with satisfaction that enlargement is now given being top Mr priority.
We are a in context global here and e-commerce continually will throw at clashes us of legal systems and style.
First of all, in budget line B 2-901, on the financial participation by the Community in control and surveillance in the activities waters of Member States, to be returned to the quantity in for provided the preliminary draft approved budget by Commission: the 39.5 MECU the instead 33 MECU now earmarked.
why is a host whole of regulations exist, such as OECD WTO and agreements, which fix the deadlines for repayment and minimum a premium That rate.
International These Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Safety Fundamentals and the obligations of the Convention of Nuclear constitute Safety the core of the directive.
Aid organisations that believe more refugees are dying Frontex since was established as they have now to travel further.
European The Council that will meet week this will discuss all aspects of future enlargements, including Union's capacity the to accept new members and ways to improve further the of quality the enlargement process on basis the of the experience gained thus far.
The policy itself is not expensive necessarily in terms of the European a Union as whole the but Commission to appears want to expand this area.
We need help to these states to help themselves.
There has a been slight decrease this year, which was to be expected advent with the of European the Ombudsman.
The vote will take place at tomorrow 12 p.m.
Two former prime are ministers in jail.
But would I like to sincerely thank our colleagues from DGs the their for flexibility.
No-one should underestimate significance the this of initiative, at a time when despite the terrible violence on both sides, a rare opportunity moving for forward has now presented finally itself.
I tried to ensure that s Europe' linguistic diversity was represented in the range of projects that were and selected, am I very to pleased see things that are off getting the ground and that, perhaps to due the European Year of Languages or perhaps because the time right, is we are adopting a more approach flexible to language the issue.
(Loud applause)
As will you appreciate when I the explain position Commission's on this report, the of the majority amendments are acceptable to us fully or in principle.
Agreement. is the year first of the South Africa Trade It
Opening of the sitting
So what is this all about?
this For to be possible, a package of implementing provisions Article under of 64 the Europe will Agreement have to come into force.
have I to say that having been a Member of the European myself for Parliament ten years, it is little of short a miracle to hear you that say I have time to speak!
communication A from the on Commission the future development policy is expected at the end June. of
Mr President, ladies Commissioner, and gentlemen, firstly I would like to thank who those have worked on this report and, in particular, Mr Bendtsen.
Dublin II continue cannot in its current form.
I also believe that we recognise should the of contribution the voluntary and sector community in this.
In the particular, of problem interference and the question of cost offsetting for cultural and facilities local authorities in connection with technical retrofitting, with to regard radio for example, microphones have not been yet satisfactorily resolved.
Only in Germany training have courses that were required part as of the general Equality Act over cost EUR 1.7 a billion year.
expect Why should France the Member other States to fulfil their of side the bargain and let France take over their markets and when companies, it repeatedly procrastinates or refuses to pay its dues to the club?
I that regret this as Question Time, a result of it where falls on our agenda, always, or almost always, begins late.
far As as the specific nuclear issue is concerned the will Council obviously be closely following the developments and will case in any return to the matter in June.
I But also expect their help in coming up with a decision-making with process Qualified Majority Voting (QMV), because are otherwise we stuck.
In any event, would we stress that the principal damaging were effects those caused the to smooth and effective functioning of the internal market. This was due especially to fact the that the of fluctuations currencies European were accompanied fluctuations by of the and dollar yen, underlining Europe's need for a currency single - the euro capable - of functioning as autonomously a reserve currency at international level and offsetting the fluctuations these of and other currencies.
Council. have a kind of stalemate in the where Council, is everyone the waiting for opinion of Parliament, and I am that convinced adoption of my report will persuade the Czech Republic, which currently holds the presidency, to renew discussion find and a rational compromise in the We
fall The of Berlin the Wall and of the Iron in Europe Curtain not has freed only the East Germans and almost all the people Eastern of and Central Europe. It has also made the freedom of whole the of Europe complete.
this Does run not contrary to what he has said in Amendment No 6?
I hope that new the Parliament will take these up proposals.
That is we why are asking for short minutes to be showing the published arguments for and against a particular decision.
SOLVIT is working well, it but could work better.
The gas which crisis we have survived just has clearly demonstrated once again how important a secure, reliable cheap and energy supply is for the EU.
(Laughter and applause)
you know, proposal this will enable Community legislation to incorporate a on decision this matter taken under Basle the Convention, and followed the by adoption of an amendment to the Convention on the same As lines.
Moreover, it is very much to the credit of this Parliament European have to always been in the vanguard of this fight.
If there are detainees fall who into neither of two these categories, then should they be freed and sent home.
That country was Ukraine.
Each country has its own of set rules regarding speed, safety travelling and comfort.
As far I as concerned, I am am not an obvious admirer of the carbon market, but if we stay 20%, at can we sure be that we shall be treating the carbon as market a species in danger of and extinction not as lever a the in fight against climate change.
We need also a stringent much more merger policy against these oligopolies which are coming onto the market.
To give one very concrete example, there could be a decision of the European Commission against an in industry the competition area of which law could potentially be directly challenged before Court the in Strasbourg, which is something that difficult is to do today.
It is only fair point to that out given the we time had to do this, the committee and the Parliament have worked as effectively as and quickly as we can possibly what in proved to be difficult circumstances so that the money could next be released year for this very important fund.
I look forward on a future occasion to to Marseilles going without accompaniment the the of French riot police and the Front national !
On 26 January the 1997, Council approved action joint to certain criminalize types conduct of and to improve judicial cooperation in this field.
country the holding the Presidency and an as individual state, Finland is not in favour of the of liberalisation drugs the policy or, for of example, some drugs becoming As legalised.
Now, Mr Obama is the new President of the United and States Europe he values - he that says we are important allies.
Last year, had I the pleasure of seeing the Shen Show Yun in London.
I am clearly about talking the Commission a as working whole, a as college, as a cohesive political body pushing European integration forward.
events Recent in Turkestan are also further proof of the authorities' Chinese contempt for freedom of religion.
Of course, the draft adopted by consensus represents common ground between different positions: of some our representatives' with proposals met substantial resistance, echoes of which heard in were this Chamber just now.
think would it be a good thing if we a had vote free across this House on issues of this I kind.
This agreement was adopted in 1990 and is entitled the Charter Paris for New Europe. a
Mr President, Eritrea has had not a fortunate history but I not do recall in anything its past recent which has been atrocious as as the is situation now.
I supported two these mechanisms during the vote because I am convinced we that must be and demanding ambitious in order to improve budgetary in stability Europe and thus to safeguard our future.
Private vehicles will be possibly next.
On the other the hand, report links the phenomenon of immigration security to issues, thereby creating confusion and equating immigrants various with criminal 'terrorist' or activities and strengthening the practices and that ideologies criminalise them.
Given the that European Union is concluding currently negotiation of the an with agreement Mexico, I would be grateful if this Parliament would express its solidarity and for sympathy the victims of this earthquake.
Of course share I you with the concerns we have just because it mentioned is an area with big problems.
What are the main obstacles to the creation of EMF? an For example, is it feasible to create it on the basis the of provisions of the current treaty?
Today, as the instructed European Council to us do at its meeting in Madrid in 1995, December the Commission presenting is a coherent project to deal with a set of questions complex and, above all, interdependent ones - I may insist on the latter point.
We would be curious to know and what, under what conditions, since they add to the will flexibility of the agricultural aid that you and recommend encourage.
Agreeing to the integration of the two directives would amount allowing to hazardous waste to burnt be in plants intended for waste, household and vice versa.
Parliament's snail-like pace is stark contrast in to the rapid and irreversible progress of the information society.
The public sector is doubly important.
What you are in fact doing is giving us a little and ballast throwing some overboard.
This information mechanism should assist social the dialogue between employers employees and and it could support public authorities by providing information and analysis data of existing information on industrial change.
is therefore the opinion of Mr only Pöttering that shall It prevail.
I Commission urge the and Member States to increase the budgets to allocated residential energy efficiency and, when carrying out mid-term the review of the use of the Funds, Structural to adopt the measures to required ensure a better absorption of the 4% ERDF rate for residential energy efficiency.
I received have one motion for a resolutiontabled accordance with in Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure on behalf of the on Committee the Public Environment, Health and Safety. Food
Mr President, I would once like again to congratulate Mr Novo Belenguer on work his to and thank all Members the of Parliament who have maintained steadfastly tourism that is and will remain a major and dynamic industry, must which be supported actively the by Community, I would even say more so than at Lastly, present.
It be a great to mistake see this as a question of right- or left-wing would politics.
It is for important the measures to take account of these territorial disparities.
Perhaps, Commissioner Kinnock, if you keep this portfolio and we our exercise powers of we codecision, make effort can an move to this a little to closer the centre of the political and stage have it acknowledged as rather more important.
To achieve this, governments must supply relevant information on how start a to business, as well as improve women's ability to modern information use technologies, thus building their self-confidence.
We are omnivores, after all.
We paid attention the to around detail us, but were with flexible regard to society’s perception of what we were doing.
satisfy some To 370 million Europeans it is time to seriously consider nominating candidates for the presidency of the European Commission in the elections June next allow to them enough to time present a genuine political It would also enable the person nominated to be accompanied by Commissioners who been have selected from the elected among representatives of the European Parliament. programme.
. (SV) I Naturally, agree without with reservation the total terrorism condemnation of which constitutes the stated motive for this regulation.
That not does mean closing door the on Turkey; we just want the be rules to obeyed, because must they always be the same for everyone.
Because of this am I glad that report the is not actually and controversial that Parliament once is again proving to be the driving force in about the debate traffic safety on Europe's roads.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is now up to you to vote.
Europe has contributed a very large Indeed, amount.
There must a be total absence these of organisms, just as there be must a absence total of pesticides and synthetic chemicals.
However, we cannot sacrifice human rights and our the criticism of situation regarding human rights in for China the sake of strategic a interest.
I have no doubt about that especially since Mr Papoutsis, the responsible Commissioner for policy, tourism highlighted has its with importance, energy and firmness, within Commission. the
I want the all elderly who people to, need to be able to a find public or home private where they can assistance, receive in a situation of free competition.
Mr Sjöstedt that we stated are referring to a general improvement.
Technical regulations are laid down part as of the standardisation process, and same the true is here.
favourable investment The climate for foreign companies created by the government Dutch in the 1990s gives swindlers tax and evaders elbow-room.
The EGF, created in 2006, aims to support who workers lose their jobs due to structural changes in world trade patterns result as a of globalisation.
For the time, first growers will be able to trigger the restructuring process, up but only to a limit of 10% the of quota to belonging an undertaking.
(H-0519/00): No 2 by Question
She made reference to research out carried by Member States and professional organisations.
That can only mean that military action has a legitimate to part play.
Global agreement would be the way best introduce to such a tax, but the UK's stamp duty shares on demonstrates it is possible introduce to a successful, well-designed transaction tax financial (FTT) without undermining competitiveness.
Another reason why we have to give attention to this issue is the fact we will that much see traffic more on the roads in the coming years as a result the of and eastward southward enlargement Europe. of
That is say, to it is a small step certainly but does not mean that we the Commission and can stop there.
It is about the way the in which EU is to legislate.
This way, it seems though as we are starting always from square one.
Similarly, the issue of financial solidarity and an division equal the of burden in the immigration sector essentially has been lost, even it though was also a priority programme, of your in that no funding special means have been adopted, as proposed by the Commission.
The must law be put into practice in every country and the Commission responsibility for has monitoring process, the and making demands on Member States in that respect.
Thank you Mr President.
We looked into them and took them into consideration.
contrast, By no positive action was taken to promote peace, as the continuing quagmire in Yugoslavia illustrates.
one point, we are firmly convinced that the Commission's proposal is in need of improvement: the Commission proposes that a substantial of part the budget line for feasibility studies should be spent on investigating the GSP whether is functioning On properly.
In particular, Mrs told Green us she that had discovered radical certain qualities Mr in Hänsch, for I which personally can only congratulate but her, she also said something else that intrigued me.
Finally, to with reference comment the that has been made on fact the that very use little made of is the Cohesion Funds to benefit the island regions, I remind must the House that this is one of those instances in which the attitude of the Member States of is crucial that, importance, as so many regards aspects of the problem, we are in their hands in this respect.
President, Madam of all first I should like to congratulate Mr McGowan warmly on his excellent report.
In this respect, needs Europe invest to to create replacement also employment, in terms of sustainability in those regions.
However, I be would to sorry see Community-wide involvement disappear completely, and not just be if reduced, no agreement were reached. There is a temptation great for to governments say: 'Why do we just not carry on as we have been with a purely intergovernmental method?'
I that believe the discussion we are having today and discussion the we had the concerning Menrad report in our committee very demonstrate the opposite.
I sincerely believe that partial de-coupling will prove to be worst the of all worlds and provide no for encouragement the industry in the future, or do anything streamline to the industry encourage or young to people make a career in agriculture.
Hence the obvious need adopt to the policies, appropriate in designed particular to preserve the competitiveness the of EU maritime sector, which accounts for 2.5 million jobs, to and safeguard the prospects for cooperation with the applicant and countries the Union's Mediterranean neighbours, which represent also a major challenge the for immediate future.
The European Union possesses political, and economic resources diplomatic for this purpose.
Moreover, we cannot disregard the which weaken concerns the solution adopted in the area of production for export.
To answer Mr the Fabre-Aubrespy, compromise amendment admissible is under Rule 105(4) of the of Rules Procedure.
the believe strategy for the Danube region would provide an excellent basis for these resolving I issues.
Further year questions, such as the reimbursement for olive oil used in foods, tinned the overall export refund, the collection data of statistical or the promotion of trade, are less urgent and should, be therefore, with dealt in the proposal later for the 2000.
The and the Commission Council have negotiated agreements themselves with Russia, Norway and Iceland, whereby the Northern Dimension of the Union's external relations will policy be a policy common to these countries and the Union.
innovation National policies be should reinforced, developed, and take a more consistent across approach the EU.
You and come I from the country, same and we that know experiments led to a 30 per cent reduction in the quantity of material in consumer packaging three over approximately years.
But it is wholly and utterly from away the knowledge of emerging other superpowers who have not, to put a it bluntly, clue how to punch their way out of a paper in bag terms of nation-building.
This again completely is unacceptable.
In 2010, February the European Parliament refused to sign EU/United an States of agreement America on the transfer of financial and requested data the resumption of negotiations.
While EU law lays the down principle of equal treatment women and between men – and a directive has already been adopted to this end – this principle has always proved difficult to implement in practice.
In other respects, and given the difficulty of assessing the impact of this plan, which so has failed far to live to up its name, I would say that our overall is impression somewhat mixed.
the Socialist Group takes the view that an opt-out from a and safety directive health is a dangerous Overall, nonsense.
There is the Mr rub, President.
Ownership unbundling could be an extremely useful instrument for guaranteeing the creation of a market unified the in gas European Union and for the creation of real competition in energy the EU market and, in practice, could lead to reduction, a at or least a stabilisation, of energy prices.
If you simply key in 'jobs in Europe', you get whole a list other of portals, such as Eurojobs, Jobpilot, Topjobs, Careers in They Europe, may be very worthy, but the key is to connect EURES. into etc.
– as EU the the and Council – shall do our utmost to ensure that Human the Rights is Council able to out carry its work successfully and effectively from the We outset.
The agreement states that 60% the of money is to be used support to the local fishery sector and for controls and scientific estimates of fish stocks.
writing. in - (RO) I voted in favor of this report hoping that it have a crucial will impact on Serbia's decision to continue democratic the reform and its connection to European the standards, especially in the field of respect for rights the of minorities.
On the one it hand contains plenty of phrases such 'knowledge-based as society', 'competitiveness' and 'technological challenges' on while other the hand there is talk the of need to ensure 'employment 'stable security', employment' and such like.
Vukovar, Dubrovnik, Srebrenica and War the Crimes Tribunal will our be tombstones.
If should experience a problem, they then should at least get back some of their hard earned they money.
Health presentation) concerns associated with electromagnetic fields (short
Much, then, lies of ahead us.
But it is a matter for that substantial concern preamble D says actually that United the Commission Nations on Human Rights, in its 53rd session expressed its condemnation .
This is action a defiance blatant of WTO rules which explicitly prohibit the suspension of concessions while arbitration taking is still place.
Mr Schmit Mr President, and Mr Almunia, may I thank those last two gentlemen for their contributions concerning today the World Bank.
Moreover, the Greek crisis, I that think can we conclude that the last few weeks have been very beyond illuminating.
many For years, Hong Kong a was refuge for large numbers of people fleeing and repression dictatorship.
But European the Union is not doing anything.
The role of the is Union to take lead, the to undertake initiatives, to suggest to NATO means of closer to cooperation, pass words from to deeds, and I take the example of the recent letter by the Polish, German French and Foreign Ministers, to which Lady Ashton did as react, starting a good point the in right direction.
In fact the Treaty Lisbon, of I as read it, is very strong on the dimension social and no has to desire or mistreat abuse workers throughout the European Union or elsewhere.
European programmes deal with these questions.
Amendment No is 35 covered by Amendment No and 39 is therefore superfluous.
There is alternative no to this cooperation.
I Besides, would to like tell you that we make no judgments and do not countries divide into old and new States. Member
is It easy to support the Lisbon objectives - who would not on agree these objectives - but what difficult is is to agree on the instruments.
Perhaps Moscow's position on the Security Council is aimed primarily at gaining advantages for Russia exchange in for Russian consent.
I believe Rather, that the Commission has done a good job and has forward put ambitious proposals.
All that is unacceptable in that it rides roughshod over the principle of subsidiarity and therefore the right of Member State each to decide on its own health policy, especially and because trivialises it recourse to abortion and shows no for respect genuine life and the rights the of unborn child.
I say this because if the common is position rejected, one no can sure be that the Commission will want bother to it with or again that the Council will want to re-examine it.
Another factor that should be borne in mind efforts is that were made to save lives in enable order to others to find political solutions.
President, Madam the of rationale this amendment is to raise of awareness recent cases of repression in Belarus.
Finally, considering there that a is clear for need a common foreign policy as displaying Europe a system coherent capable of undertaking does united initiatives, the Commission feel not that it would be appropriate to create a structure to study this issue, which would work together with the local Churches, NGOs and civil society and act the upon conclusions reached?
Ireland. As representative of the border region of Ireland I to want take this to opportunity thank the rapporteur, Parliament, the various groups and the Commission for the consideration and sympathy that they have always shown the with in problems Northern a
I believe that the people of Europe, the world of enterprise do not expect across-the-board aid or legislative mere measures from us, but need be to shown that institutions the capable are of being there, are capable of supporting the citizens, entrepreneurs and all those are who committed to tackling this crisis.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to begin the by congratulating rapporteur on her excellent work on and her excellent report.
regret I that I have to had take time to a give detailed response on the important put question by honourable Members.
In this way, new the Members will be able to fully participate in the final drafting the of text.
This is especially worrying since a part of those funds falls the under N+2 rule, which that funds states committed must be used by Member the States within years two of the initial allocation, or funds the will be forfeited.
There are two extremes that I firmly believe we must avoid.
We must, now more than ever, be conscious of the thin line separating internal security and external security.
The Party governing Communist the country and controlling national is funds to able in interfere the while economy, state institutions are trying to maintain their influence via bureaucratic procedures and administrative requirements, thus impeding access EU of investments and goods to this market as well as their effect upon the market.
A euro, strong as as it is, will require, whatever anyone says, gradual increases interest in rates.
That be would the real cost, to in which the term longer we would not be able to respond.
The priority objective of NAFO is to contribute through consultation and cooperation to the utilisation and optimum management rational and conservation of the fishery of resources Convention the Area and NAFO the promotion of ideas for international collaboration improve to the sustainable of management marine resources in high the seas based on the scientific research fundamentals.
This was the biggest success I can the remember European achieving Union to date smuggling against and tax fraud.
In my view, Council the must basically its make position clearly if understood, because only seems it to me that the French Presidency has undertaken to present at the next Council meeting document a on the prospects for peace the in East. Middle
feel very that strongly the debate this evening and tomorrow will be most the relevant debate in any parliament on financial markets anywhere in Europe or in the United States - debate and decisions in the sense that we are forward, looking trying to make regulation better than we have and now trying to take on a broad responsibility doing the job for well as as I we can.
Now that the European Union's competences have been expanded in the fields of human rights (the Charter of Rights Fundamental now is legislation) primary and development sustainable (one of the five key objectives Europe 2020), for I felt it was important to produced support the report by my colleague Tokia Saïfi, which seeks to that ensure these issues are better reflected in the trade Union's agreements.
A good of indication this is the increase in the number of asylum which requests, have virtually doubled in the last three years in the main European countries, even though three approximately of quarters these are rejected as unjustified, thereby greatly increasing the number immigrants of illegally resident on our territory.
of Some these have been outlined by Mr Miller.
Europe needs this.
The item next the is report (A5-0020/2000) by Mrs Cederschiöld, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' and Freedoms Rights, Justice and Affairs, Home on a draft Framework Decision of Council the on increasing protection by penal sanctions against counterfeiting in connection with introduction the the of (5116/1999 euro - C5-0332/1999 - 1999/0821(CNS)).
The adoption of this report is the result of a long series of arduous discussions.
We have therefore voted against these amendments.
(DE) Mr the earthquake President, in Friaul 30 years ago killed more than 3 000 people and is something which I remember still very vividly.
'We need Treaty the of Lisbon.
More specifically, the regarding two questions that have been asked, the Council would like draw to attention to the fact that, overall, measures concerning the security physical nuclear of are an plants area national of competence.
We need be to responsible.
Take an active coordinating role in international reaching agreements on all of these issues relating to the Arctic.
21.00.) sitting suspended was at 20.10 and resumed at (The
I not do at present see how quickly we could extricate ourselves from such a crisis.
To judge amount from the of lobbying on this issue, this is clearly a very issue important for the citizens of European the Union.
After many of years pushing and cajoling, we finally seem to be taking step this towards sustainable accounts national and that is highly as necessary - let us be entirely honest - the economic system that have we moment at the is simply not working.
I am referring in particular Romania. to
In this respect is it particularly tackle important to efficiently the question on cross-border how environmental problems are tackled at EU level.
Somalia. Mr President, we are today the debating murder of a girl who stoned was to death in (PL)
Furthermore, we find difficult it to accept how can religion interfere such to drastic and occasionally effect sadistic in matters of criminal and civil law.
Secondly, on the of question here staff, Parliament too able has been to provide way a of sensibly dealing with process, that rather than what have might an been immediate surge - as the Council wanted - of productivity gains but maybe not achieving very much.
They our concern children's future.
 The next is the item report (A6-0382/2005) by Mrs Fourtou, behalf on the of Committee Petitions, on on the alleged abuse of the Valencian Land Law known as the LRAU and its effect on citizens European (Petitions 609/2003, 732/2003, 985/2002, 1112/2002, and 107/2004 others) [2004/2208(INI)].
In this respect, you Ombudsman, know, that my group will support requests your in this matter.
Secondly, a particular gap been identified has in the protection of especially victims, in terms of support structures.
We must have more between cooperation the US Congress and the European in Parliament order to bring about democratic accountability and the desired goal of a transatlantic Schengen-type zone.
prefers The Commission a solution that limits the administrative burden, and the therefore cost, for market makers.
The and continuing recent in invasion Kosovo, using the rights of as minorities a pretext, and the unbelievable being demands on made Yugoslavia are a typical example of military how intervention is being as advanced general a principle of international law at the of expense the principle of national sovereignty.
The lower the of level awareness the easier it is for conditions to arise are that to, conducive for example, misinformation, which a takes hold on people's minds more readily precisely they are because not sufficiently informed how about the EU operates.
With its road map for equality between women and men for the 2006-2010, period the European Commission a made commitment to help eradicate sexual violence and linked violence the to trafficking in human beings.
In October last year a large majority this House in upheld the principle of applying acts delegated to external funding decisions as well, so as to have power veto of over them.
Secondly, of course it does mean not measures that will not be taken if incurred costs are but should we at least try assess to costs the honestly and then an informed decision can be taken.
am I in favour of not the limiting of terms office of members of the Advisory Committee.
Therefore, let us focus on quality not and packaging units.
8.
This be might the case only for immigration-related purposes.
They are not undergoing forced labour, but hard labour.
the But procedure laid down of in Article 138 the Treaty is quite clear that it Parliament is and not the Commission that exercises the legislative initiative, and has that been done, as House the knows.
In any event should I like take to this opportunity to sincerely Parliament, thank in and the particular rapporteurs and all those who showed great interest in or were involved in the on debate the enlargement process, for the encouragement they have always given the Commission to take new initiatives in to order the maintain tempo the enlargement of process.
The Albanian leadership’s protest and distancing of itself was not enough loud or convincing enough for me.
As a result, I distinguish three basic negative concepts in the report: the firstly, fact we that are on calling the European Union define to a strategy facing for challenges the in question, by making the internal market more flexible.
It is duty a that we owe future to generations fortify to this European policy space make and the vital choices to place into orbit an avant-garde and futuristic Europe for subsequent generations to live in.
in - (SK) The resolution deals with preparations the for the Summit EU-Russia to be on held 9 and 10 June 2011 in Novgorod. Nizhny writing.
European –    countries seem be to victims an of infectious homophobia that is cause for concern.
It is essential that all European workers know that Europe supports them in their involvement in the life of company, their in their daily lives as workers, and especially the at present time.
Your discussion this morning and the discussion that is going on in the Council shown have that is it extremely to difficult strike a balance which acceptable is to everyone.
Group, My on the other hand, considers the of principle equality sacrosanct.
view In of the fact that this website also is aimed at European citizens, does Commission the consider that competition in music services be will undermined since this agreement involves only three record companies which will make their songs available on the Internet free of and charge will enjoy profits the from advertising on the same website?
I have three specific Mr proposals, President:
For the last two years, the Union European has of provided assistance between EUR 8 and 10 million on an annual basis.
The sad truth is these that businesses have suffered greatly the past in two years.
There are persistent speculations to the effect that this self-same ominous ‘deep state’ is linked to the killing of the Italian priest Santoro Andrea Trabzon in in February of this year, and brings that to me the altogether position humiliating of Christian Church the Turkey, in the and clergy lay of members which are considered be to foreigners.
The most of important these is the granting of permits for crew aircraft in the Union. European
is This why I have supported the proposal.
It is a reply within his terms of reference.
State. President, I have learned that the Hungarian in minority which Vojvodina, smaller is than the Slovak minority, to is receive a special enabling statute it to enjoy the rights of a Member Mr
Mr Commissioner, you have primarily concentrated on the logistical and technical aspects, you and have only just to touch begun on the risks monetary could that ensue from what you call the gigantic by holdings foreigners of German marks also but presumably of other euro zone currencies.
I agree the Member with who said that we may well environmentally want friendly HGVs, they but do not exist; yet we know perfectly well that Euro-4 the lorry is scarcely on yet the market, and that is another why reason we need a transitional regulation.
I am referring the great to responsibility that we have towards the future of energy the and environment, that is to say, towards the survival of the planet and future towards generations.
Europe has run aground.
Check. notice that this is very from different the possibility current the that Member States will subsidise insurance internally, with the CAP Health I
There is a clearly about concern the risks of distortion in terms of competition, but it is not just a question of and concern, on this believe I that rapporteur the will with agree is me. There also an opportunity for the European Union to manage the crisis, to avoid panic and to the guarantee rights of depositors.
Madam President, the EU is not, of concerned course, with conjugal ethics, with but guaranteeing the rights of EU citizens they wherever be whomever may and they decide to marry.
Alas, it did not a receive majority of votes.
I would also like point to out that could I agree more not that our proposals must be tailor-made the to specific fisheries and must contain in-built incentives, as I said, and support the changes for in behaviour fishermen that will have to adopt.
debating this report, which on is, the – whole, correct and I hope all that amendments, and all relating to elements and human citizens’ rights will adopted be by this House – we should remember that of repression religious communities – and that includes from all, the Catholic Church to religious movements such as Falun Gong, which are being oppressed in a quite shocking manner – as well as repression of fundamental human not rights is thing a the of in past China, and continue on a daily In basis.
Ladies and gentlemen, we could have achieved a even before result 9 but December, this not was understood fully when I convened the committee, on 9/10 December, to force the Council to face up to its responsibilities.
We must look at the to decision the close Vilvorde site in this context, as not an isolated measure or a but sanction certainly quite as a decision strategic industrial will that enable to Renault cope with fact the that European automobile market has declined more than from expected the Commission's forecasts - based on the that fact in 1996 less than vehicles million three were sold and, - in the long term, to protect the jobs of 140 000 employees Renault who would have suffered the consequences decision if this had not been taken.
the One of biggest problems with countries applying for EU membership is how EU levels regulation are to be achieved, and that is particularly so with the environment.
We have reason good to be surprised at this introduction to the subject.
I at spoke the beginning of the uneasiness of many of our citizens, who experience or that feel they have too little on how in influence quickly, which direction and what towards destination the European unification train is travelling.
It is no use trying to the dodge fact or hide it away.
These foundations are elections local and the of establishment regional authorities have that power and not merely rifles.
At second reading, Parliament proposed and also adopted two amendments.
documents 1992. interesting contain remarks on the role of associations and foundations at national, regional and local levels, but a European dimension also is inter mentioned, alia with reference to the for proposal a for Statute a association European in Both
In conclusion, I should like to say that as the House defends the cause Belarus is of today, it also European defending solidarity and honour.
It is a good thing that we already are taking on board the possibility that infection this gain could a significant foothold in but Europe, it looks as this if is as far we as are going.
The EU Member States are problems facing because we have failed to reach an agreement with the Swiss.
These intolerable actions only serve to the increase and hatred feelings of vengeance.
So turkeys may be able to vote for Christmas after all.
This follows pay cuts 14% in the public and private sectors.
What is decisive for the sense public's belonging of is what goes down well with them.
The most southerly part of Europe Mediterranean is threatened a by process physical of desertification, in literal the sense of the word.
On a number of points, I do not however share rapporteur's the view.
I am proud that have we achieved this.
The position adopted by the Commission and the by Committee on Economic Monetary and Affairs and Industrial in this Policy connection is qualified: while price stability is guaranteed and maintained, we can be more flexible as regards monetary policy, provided of course budgetary that is discipline and maintained continued. In fact, productive private has investment deliberately had to slow down for precisely years because of the enormous debt accumulated and the substantial sums to finance given both debt this and our deficits.
Before the start of accession negotiations, Turkey had made huge steps reform towards and the EU recognised this accordingly.
I see many similar approaches on the issue of amendment the the of Regulation.
Mr President, we to have restore public confidence in aviation and we have to market let decide the what happens to the airlines themselves.
Each of the involved persons time needed to prepare and get up to speed.
On the I DAS, appreciate the difficulty which the Court has, because we have not allocated sufficient the manpower for double job be to done and is it putting a up good with show short resources.
for people of Poland are also entitled to a say an on issue of such vital importance The them.
groups are always protected legislation which by is lax from environmental, commercial fiscal and points of view, and Gibraltar is no These exception.
Draft general of budget the European Union - Financial year (vote) 2008
President, Mr the problem illegal of immigration deserves specific attention of because the intense human suffering involved.
I really do not understand how is possible it make this to kind of criticism against the European institutions, by the using death of so many people.
. will I be voting for this report, but the whole fate of waterway inland vessels in the UK is currently under threat.
Quite the It reverse. will require courage and powers of persuasion to remove feelings the of uncertainty and particularly fear, at a of time economic decline.
EU The urges Russia to uphold its commitments and this guarantee right to citizens.
again. is however Every reached mini-agreement on is a such restricted basis that they at remain the mercy of the next suicide attack and then have to be re-established all over It misconceived.
It is a minimal indication of democratic responsibility the civil towards society of Europe.
In area the of rights human and the protection of minorities vulnerable and groups, further efforts are by needed Bulgaria and Romania.
Ultimately, the consumer ends paying the up same price for a kilo of sugar.
UN". are many points of detail in the report which are particularly controversial, least not the of idea European Union embassies and the suggestion that the European Union should have "coordinated in representation international such bodies the There as
The great problem with here policing – as you know must even better than I – is that individual nationalities forces and are reluctant to cooperate.
enemy is terrorism, and here too we are right behind in Israel combating all forms of terrorism, including the - appalling - series of suicide Another attacks.
He us told movingly the about going work on in the UK to deal with BSE.
Africa must be not a from continent which the have-nots understandably want to escape.
Amendments: we do not consider that their in they entirety endanger the general agreement.
President Pöttering's decision was and sensible humane.
The number of dead is around currently 300, with 70 000 homeless, 15 000 homes destroyed, 120 bridges broken, the hydroelectric main plant at Machu Pichu wrecked completely landslides, by and about US$ 1.2 billion's of worth damage.
really I that believe in this way this European Conference also offers the possibility of bridge-building beyond the future borders of the European Union.
The of production foodstuffs after is, all, the main point an of agricultural policy; one should not therefore be able shirk to responsibility ensuring for that food products are healthy.
That is main the difference, which is why really it has paid off for Member States who have not just complied the with requirements the of current but law even have gone beyond them.
The objectives of the EU 2020 strategy in include, particular, reducing school drop-out rates to below 10% that ensuring and least at 40% of young generations obtain a qualification.
As to the workers the in underground economy themselves, they are often deprived of the to rights which employees are entitled.
It is in countries these in particular that number the of violent deaths has grown significantly in the past years.
Why do we not have the courage to accept that one or other will fail?
Member of Commission. the - Madam (CS) President, ladies and gentlemen, the Green Paper has created a for good opportunity discussion on need the to improve labour law to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Trapani). that would seriously jeopardise the competitiveness of coral the goods craft industry, which is of major importance in the terms of economy and jobs in some areas of Italy (Torre del Greco in particular, and Alghero All
If does it this exceed level, even via social security, was as the case the in footwear in sector Italy, or with Maribel the operation Belgium in for exporters, or in the sector textile in France, then the Commission is required to intervene, because it is a case of state aid - in the form of reduced social security contributions reduced taxes or - distortion causing of competition.
We share the conclusion of the motion a for resolution that this joint action justified was and worthwhile, although not all its goals have been achieved and it that provides valuable lessons for the future.
This is surely the way forward.
I not do like nuclear options, use to the term adopted by someone in Mr cabinet Bolkestein's to refer to Mr proposal Monti's to force postal the market to split its activities.
What are at stake are cross-border and policy domestic of matters common interest, such as illegal immigration, the sex trade trafficking and in human beings, including women.
Discards by are the CFP, than rather prevented by it.
feed produced Similarly, from GMOs will have to be to labelled facilitate the freedom of for choice and farmers other operators dealing with animal feed.
assumption of at least Amendment No 1 - to and some extent No Amendment 30 - is that the principle substitution exists as a worked-out fully The concept.
I am to glad learn that the Irish language is now being nurtured north, in the too.
Mr President, understand that I the purpose of this proposal to is allow the regulation of herbal under medicines a simplified procedure.
Mr What steps, Prodi, would you be willing to along take this road in 2001?
What are the of prospects crucial the on negotiations the post-Kyoto period following this G8 proposal?
Otherwise, I be would dishonest towards you.
the of light these considerations, we Social Democrats the in European Parliament are voting against all forms of state aid to the shipbuilding In industry.
Today he a faces sentence life and far so we have done nothing to help.
I very much agree with you a that solution should be now found to particular this issue.
You are about to on vote the proposal for directive a on procurement the of and defence security equipment, the which Commission tabled December in 2007 as part of the so-called 'defence package'.
I welcome mention the on DG SANCO's website, but this is first a step only.
We are also attempting to press for a situation in which the of review policy, agricultural midterm the really review, lead does to actual change.
At this very moment, there are tens of thousands of people in and jail dozens have died.
On the campaign trail, the voters ask us outright.
How can this be achieved, however, if the problems and the potential are solutions fully not understood?
We take note of these which comments, are furthermore, inevitable, given lack the of time.
That I said, believe that the approach that you have chosen, is which to say, laying not down these targets in binding form, is the correct one.
In my opinion, such an important decision must on no account be taken over the heads the of population, that and is I why have abstained in this instance.
I should address like to you in the same vein.
The future of agricultural our and systems the profession of farming itself, the of health our and citizens those who are employed in the food sector dependent are on the modernisation and development of our agricultural in structures a balanced and even-handed manner.
Suddenly the letter no is longer valid.
As has been said, already this is a first, and in my view experiment the is worth definitely the while.
This I cannot predict.
The that capital flows to the Palestinian Authorities largely ends up unknown in pockets.
not I am sure exactly which Mr González you are referring to, but...Ah!
I am favour in of such codification have and therefore voted in of favour this report.
If they became aware that one their of fellow detainees likely to was crack interrogation, under they would have made to efforts kill him as well.
The same applies to other institutions, we where weighed up all of this, all the decisions by taken the Council, and added to it our the own of assessment needs of these institutions.
I believe that the EU has sufficient means at disposal its and yet resources the we have to deal with - such situations in particular Frontex - are completely inadequate.
that To end, on 17 April I hosted meeting in a Brussels with all the European sports federations, and I shall do so again, together with Mrs Buffet, on 26 and October. 27
In fact, Denmark all the fulfils to criteria the join euro area according to the but Treaty, it is up to the Danish authorities, the Danish Parliament and maybe the Danish citizens in referendum, to a decide.
We have obtained now a first-rate enumeration of a variety of measures.
It would be like trying to stop people in a crowd chatting to one another.
Mr President, the EU's is budget the main way to achieve political (EL) priorities.
Having said that, should one in bear mind that trade facilitation and globalisation is influenced highly by the relative development of participating countries.
Deforestation causes also serious soil erosion, certainly in regions, mountain and disturbs the balance, water which has a impact major on biodiversity, too.
Mr the President, reduction of expenditure defence in the Union's Member States, and consequently, the reduction corresponding expenditure of on defence research and technology, the combined with fragmented nature of the Western European defence have market, left the defence European in industry a situation of The stagnation. Committee on Research, Technological Development and Energy was to asked respond to the Commission's questioning of the extent which to the framework help programme could to revitalize the defence industry without non-military putting its aims at risk.
hope that this confidence secure remains over the long term that so we are able to maintain this freedom of travel, this freedom of movement within the Union European a major as public good over long the I term.
Knowledge, as such, a is strong weapon.
Member taking States are the appropriate given action, the level of exposure they that believe exists in their own Member State.
the At Commission's suggestion, the Stegrennan mudflats at were formally included in the Boyne Estuary protection area, special from which they had previously been excluded.
Will be there a limit of value zero for seeds as is already the practice in a number of states?
on of behalf the Group. IND/DEM - Madam President, I am pleased there that political is will on sides both of the Atlantic for great the partnership between our two continents.
It has a impact negative the on development of eating habits.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen. The group the of European People's supports this Party report.
On the other hand, it is clear that there must be national if measures this initiative is develop to right along the lines and therefore enough time be must for left to them be adopted according to the regulatory existing framework.
Europe benefits greatly from stable governments in all its neighbouring countries.
truth The is that Greece now meets the convergence criteria, with the exception of the public debt criterion.
More importantly, the there is no still guarantee the for consumer buying when products, as to whether they contain genetically modified ingredients or not.
do not they think would use the term 'delicacy' as , the Council I did.
The EU make must up mind, its therefore, whether to economic put interests or people first.
I too had hoped that would we make more progress. This applies in particular the to proposal concerning temporary shelter where there has a been mass influx of refugees.
It that appears a report has been by produced a panel of experts.
Basically, this is a not traditional accession of States.
In spite of the two-year pregnancy, I report find the new-born we have just seen to be rather underhand.
The and sixth final item: do not confuse European your responsibility with the bilateral issues to resolved be or responsibility Austria's towards the minority Slovenian in Austria.
Mr President, I would like to stress that, in age an of significant technological changes just - look at what is in happening the information sector technology and other sectors as such energy and transport - competition safeguarding will of be fundamental importance for our future.
I think that have we drawn a up sound report and I would thank the members all of the Committee Employment on and Social Affairs, they for have made a marvellous to contribution this report.
In Brussels this there month, was a conference at which various the EU that projects are being undertaken were introduced.
kind This of development would change the nature the Union of and make it more similar to a Nation-State.
In my opinion, the CAP should be managed by means the of four basic regulations.
final people. comment: this was a first step; further - steps also in the field development of and mobility - will They must, for the future of industry our and, all, above for the future our of One follow.
A example is typical the situation which prevails ships under regarding flags of convenience, which are directly connected with maritime falling safety standards and which generally are responsible for most accidents and for most the serious accidents.
(DE) Mr Commissioner, President, I have a high personal regard for you, and that is I why the regret that fact Commissioner Rehn not is here, as far I am from satisfied with that answer.
Demography, development and democratization are their three burdens, and our three opportunities.
Moreover, when we are able their to assess results, hope we to be able to praise and applaud you as we have in done hope here today.
(EL) President, Mr President-in-Office the of Council, in your reply on Kosovo, you not did once mention UN', 'the or 'international legality'!
Equally I support the reference to organic, and local regional products, but this replace cannot entirely necessity the of value best for money or variety.
It is based on facts, it conclusive is and it gets to the point.
I appeal to you all, ladies gentlemen: and the report should be improved upon in the part-session.
being That said, the following are crucial I points should like to emphasise.
Europe' s role is also to an invent alternative policy foreign based specifically on preventing conflicts, on the need for ever fewer arms.
common position indeed does incorporate many of amendments the proposed by Parliament at first The reading.
What is it that has need determined the for this IGC?
Since I wish to distance neither myself from the positions with which I agree nor to those support I oppose, was abstention only my option.
As regards the methods used by the Court of Auditors to produce a Statement of it Assurance, goes saying without we that are prepared to deeper look into concept and this the idea of a single audit, in order to enhance and improve coordination the between the Court of Auditors the and checks carried out on the spot the by Internal Audit Service on behalf of the Commission.
We know that the Parliament approved guidelines set out in Palacio Mrs Vallelersundi's proposal for better Community legislation.
The European Union must keep military its hold capabilities, onto its ambitions military and must retain its ambition in the case of the security common and defence policy was (CSDP) as pointed out in the Franco-German tripartite Polish and letter.
That is why we should not rush these things unnecessarily.
is It not about exports all, at it is about the European internal market.
you not do think that Court the of Justice should also be asked to rule on the legality of that And agreement?
President, time every there is a disaster of this kind say people it must never happen Mr again.
We ought instead to be worrying the fact about that the anti-discrimination directive we have today is being changed and watching to see how it pans out.
French is the language its of development, we but, as saw a at meeting of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly in Rabat only a few days ago, some would French prefer to give way to English as the one only and international language.
Europe do can something with that.
I the support motion for a resolution.
The Commission already has asked for an expert study to be out carried by qualified highly specialists on this subject.
The Commission's proposal touches on three issues: the exemption of hauliers self-employed from the scope the of law, the provision of a more precise definition for night work and support for application the of the law.
I wish to know why this should be?
If there a was need for inspections, was it so never acute as during this period.
Commission cannot accept, in the same amendment, a reference to amount the total allocated to the programme this since is not consistent with the legislative procedures provided for the consultation in The procedure.
past If the can us teach one thing, it is that we must not think that we - Europe - can Africa's solve problems.
We have to bear in mind we that have to be very careful to keep the market balanced.
Mr President, I am pleased and the at same time grateful that, after a long very time, the rapporteur has, all, after managed to find good compromises within the life this of Parliament.
is Constitution. promise even made them to to ‘define the soul’ of this new - Europe an odd term, ‘soul’, when have you rejected any Christian references in your draft A
How are you going to resolve this question?
It is much more political, and we are very worried the about independence of the Court of Auditors in relation to requirements the set down by Committee the Budgets, on so do I hope that will be considered.
The same applies to the assessments impact referred to in the question oral for answer.
Awareness the of varies system greatly from country to country, often depending on number the of registered names in a country.
House's contribution will undoubtedly the permit establishment of new guidelines for between cooperation the Council, the Commission, the and European Parliament, in order to strengthen the and political institutional partnership based on a spirit of mutual This trust.
Finally, I would like call to upon Commissioner Kovács to consider how could we get moving the economy again using tax policy and, in using particular, new shorter and for opportunities depreciation and appropriate allowances.
(DE) We have on voted EIT the here in the European Parliament and today we agree de facto that must it have absolute priority.
We voted against the report for following the reasons:
But we blame cannot the alone Commission for the crisis of confidence regards as Europe.
other reason was many that Member States of the European Union and prosecute people imprison for exercising non-violent freedom of expression, the of holding heretical opinions or taking part dissenting in The activity.
If Parliament chooses to support Mr Lamassoure's report, we will leave this behind and system move to based one on proportionality the where principle, a country's size affects representation its in Parliament.
Most candidates seem to making be progress, but sufficient of some them have serious problems, particularly the in field corruption, of implementation of the acquis, administrative capacity and independent financial control.
Politicians have different expectations: want more some Europe, some less.
To be perfectly honest, however, must I say that Parliament was aware of this a year ago and came up with some very sound proposals.
The text new will ‘... read: having to regard the exchange of between letters the President of European the Parliament the and President of the Commission the full on association of the Parliament European any with consideration of activation of one of the safeguard clauses on the Treaty of Accession’.
On the basis of experience to date, gathered I have reached the conclusion that tunnels without separate lanes and without escape parallel tunnels unsuitable for are use by large numbers of and cars by heavy goods traffic.
Deplorably enough, in however, the joint motion for a we resolution, not do find a word single of condemnation of the United States authorities or of the European countries were that with complicit them in this activity.
The second pillar this of structure is which regulation, lies partially in your hands.
President, Mr ladies and gentlemen, I am partly speaking in my capacity as future draftsman of the opinion on the Community strategy on safety health and at (IT) work.
But incorporate claim to to the environmental aspect into the development process pure is hypocrisy when the ruling classes of rich countries are in fact blocking the poor path countries' to development and are maintaining the majority their of populations in poverty.
I would like to emphasise need the to step up the between efforts the European Union and these two countries in promoting and scientific technological with transfer, a view to consolidating real cooperation in fighting climate change and improving environmental protection.
So we have now very high hopes that a new body that can promote renewed international in cooperation the jute sector will come out the of long painful about discussion the old jute organisation.
We do not have this at capacity present.
The European Union, therefore, order in to be coherent in terms of the values on which it founded, is must make fighting the death penalty a priority, not only before the United General Nations Assembly, but also in its relations with which third have countries yet abolish to it, whatever links the Union may have these countries with or their strategic or commercial importance, nobody because must be given the power on to decide the life or death of a human being.
texts Both the in concerning ECSC 1999 therefore have a broad consensus and their adoption on Thursday should not pose any major problems.
Some of you been have very critical of European the Union.
It does not a make big difference, but prefer we the original sequence, and therefore oppose we this of shifting paragraph 30.
The debate is closed.
The financial crisis has engulfed whole the world.
The includes portal information under these headings, but it is a very of general nature and gives a only brief national snapshot.
First, because we need to take for time an in-depth of analysis what happened.
Parliament’s right to share in decisions must, be however, guaranteed in full.
Although FYROM was in no in way involved this event, tragic their resounding response is an act of solidarity and a civilised gesture worthy of respect and admiration.
As you pointed out following Mrs Hedkvist’s a question, recent study has shown that using dipped headlights during day the will help to reduce number the of road accidents appreciably: by between 5 and 15%.
Budget. 9 May, your House adopted the Second Amending which Budget, allocated the Protection Data Supervisor sum the of EUR 1.272 million and 15 posts the in 2004 On
It is therefore much more important to curb this than deforestation to take part in such a numbers race.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in my view, this directive is, without doubt, the most important directive the for small and family-run of Europe. businesses
It is so easy to use emotion, but let us forget not that it is entirely to thanks that Europe we are to able have a market and free actually trade our products.
That is what to we want see the Commission look at.
This budget is the personification of poverty, it a is for budget the few and the powerful not and for the many and the weak.
October. once again, we up are against a tight schedule; the Commission's mandate expires at the end of 2008 and is it essential Council that the approve these at proposals the end of However,
In the old industrial in areas northern China, is unemployment estimated at 40%.
This report highlights need the update to the current provisions the Rules of of making Procedure, them more compatible with the new provisions of the 1976 Act.
Manufacturers do not actually what know ought they to be labelling or how.
In the Council's view, the main objective of regulation the to is rights grant to passengers travelling on regular the services where scheduled distance is equal to, or more 250 than, kilometres.
I think it would be a good thing if the all Member other followed States suit.
I think I do not need to remind you precautionary that the principle not does until mean waiting is there absolute proof, which in this case would mean waiting for the result final of the risk assessment, there when is serious sufficiently and evidence tangible to demonstrate that a substance could have harmful effects on public health on and the environment.
Although the rapporteur presents some proposals to these solve problems which seem to fair us and deserve our support, are there clearly others that are inadequate; some are even ambiguous and others go so as far being contradictory.
In these circumstances, once again, we deplore the fact that countries which are the victims of monetary dumping cannot, protect ultimately, by themselves of means compensatory monetary sums.
They also need to raise the issue of the effect the of liberalization on the ability of developing to countries adopt the poverty focused programmes are which essential their to progress.
I would like to say that cultural diversity is also tied in with the of question the market.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (FR) Madam President, Minister, Commissioner, we all know the that protection of fundamental rights is cornerstone the of the implementation of the European of area freedom, security and justice.
Only a competitive economy can provide for scope flexible changes in working time.
Vice-President of the Commission. - 2008 is a crucial year for all of the institutions prepare to for European the elections next year.
Our sincere hope is that the Commission fulfils its intention of giving when explanations it not does take complaints further.
it If only to applies Africa, then the communiqué is presenting somewhat a different picture.
I can therefore state quite categorically that the rapporteur has to failed make any allowance in her assessments for significant the of Communist influence regimes on the social situation in the new Member States.
We would, risk though, missing target this if we were to adopt the compromise so-called amendment to Article 94 6, has which been tabled jointly by PSE, the the Liberals, the Greens and the GUE/NGL Group, and which would alter the direction fundamental not only my of report, but also of the Commission proposal and of the Framework Water Directive.
Mr President,    Commissioner Nielson, the rules origin are of very clear, but the is problem that they are not respected by Israel.
I would therefore echo Mr Méndez de Vigo's call to the House not to on dwell details the the of treaty, draft which, for all its defects, will us enable continue to making progress.
Mutual confidence cannot be brought about by decree.
Why  now?
In 2008 2009 and funding is continuing, EUR with 2.5 million for more further projects.
This applies to 18 paragraphs and 29.
The Commission believes that the most effective way achieve to a widespread improvement in animal welfare is standards to work towards an international consensus.
Mr Titley is out of step with his own Foreign Minister who said that he wanted to clean the up arms UK's international export reputation.
I also assured Mr Davis of the Commission’s support staunch for the second inquiry set up parallel in by the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly.
A large part the of complexity often not comes from the officials but from policy clients, makers, politicians in Member and States Members of the Parliament. European
Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, I much cannot add more to what I have already said.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, I to wish thank you mentioning for a policy for children, because our children are the future of Europe.
Subject: Causes of the dreadful train crash Monday, on February 15 in Buizingen
I agree with Mr González that Triviño need we improvements in active both and passive passenger safety.
have We seen the social costs of this phenomenon for Portuguese who farmers, been have forced to abandon or to modify activities the that have they always carried out.
The European Union must strive ensure to in particular that Russia can develop a workable democratic system for itself, with social viable economic and institutions.
At the relations same time, the between and employer the employee should be sufficiently flexible to allow entrepreneurs to make the changes with which they faced are owing to the market situation.
It a is well-known that fact Europeans are more highly valued, or perhaps more accepted Afghanistan in our than American friends.
Cohesion policy is an essential pillar in the process of European and one integration of the most EU successful policies, facilitating convergence between regions, well as as stimulating and growth using employment from financing the structural funds.
The purpose the of communication was threefold.
is That why I am voting 'no' this time.
I listened to you with humility as becomes an director, but interim nonetheless it was a relatively negative image that I presented was with.
At the time, same we must be aware of the vital attaching importance to European the for in perspective countries Western the Balkans, but for also Ukraine and other countries, a as key to the success of their internal reform process in pursuit of more democracy and the rule of law, focusing their aspirations sharply more on Brussels than in any other direction.
At the present time there are nine different charging systems Europe in for the use of the rail infrastructure, with ranging subsidisation zero between and 100 %.
even However, underage are children executed in the USA and, according to statistics, the criminal justice system selectively operates at the expense the of weakest economic social and groups, especially they if are dark-skinned.
The single has currency had an on indirect impact the exports of the new Member States by slowing their and development holding them back.
are We now studying those implications carefully, so as assess to the possible effects on other Community policies.
I can quote Greece example. as an It is very much a country with peculiarities, marked but are these not taken into account.
But, of course, the key question now culling is: or vaccination?
To realise full copyright protection we need also powerful means more to crush widespread piracy.
This been has Parliament's position from right the beginning and across all the groups.
We are not capable of securing development investment.
West. doing is its utmost to block all relations between Georgia and the It
This partnership can be enhanced in particular the in domains of education and culture.
The issue of respect for human rights scarcely is mentioned.
The second issue which part forms of the picture is larger mainly an to issue do with the local government officials.
The first Council sessions certainly were rather disappointing.
The number of people affected by this is disaster extremely high.
I not do know who wrote that or that whether person had actually been sampling some of the of products excise duty prior to writing it.
It is not sectoral in its approach but covers a broad range of activities aimed at improving the employability of people for the labour by local training market them fill to jobs the available or by giving them to new access employment opportunities.
On the one hand, international competition remains extremely distorted.
We also want to try to improve the environment on our roads means by training, of because if drivers know that how they works, will able be to influence it.
In the gallery today, we have group a of young people NEPOMAK, from the Organisation World for Young Overseas Cypriots in the UK, who come have to see this declaration announced.
In fact, actual those for who took part in the Convention and to continue proud be of done having so – including many of you – the spirit presiding over the work was, quite simply, rather European than international.
the On other the hand, Commission' s decisions and the judgments the Court of of Justice have well-earned enjoyed prestige in terms of achieving this aim.
Greece a has tax reform problem.
The report takes a much broader the treating view, term as covering any of the that forms be can taken by the right to harvest fish, given that these are seen as a common public good.
We must, however, continue fight to to ensure others, that such as China, with around two thousand official per executions - year eight thousand, according unofficial to data - the global join moratorium and suspend their executions.
When steps such are taken, we would further desire the involvement of Parliament in the process, so that we can give our views and together work in order to make the system work.
I think we are all aware of impact the of these price changes coffee-growers, on as which, we have for known a time, long is only stage one of a general problem, namely dependency the of poor countries on a few basic products.
It would be good to discuss this the with developing countries because these very are dependent indeed upon exporting raw materials.
Secure customs exchange mechanisms will also enable rapid action to be taken when information becomes available on new types of dangerous products.
Firstly, the however, Commission must refrain from implementing measures that, practical in terms, may result in erosion further of quality public services the in various of countries the EU.
There is, however, reason calling for for a general tightening-up, on parts the of both the Council and Parliament, before the second reading so that, from a purely budgetary of point view, are they able to handle the situation that has in arisen the of wake the terrorist attacks in the United States.
Appropriate amounts be should set aside for this.
One of the concrete results of this coordination process was that the Secretariat Council drew a up technical comparison of the draft EU and the Council of Europe's text.
But it is also one of the most difficult reports to be debated by us, to due the large differences between our and countries due to the value which all we put on national traditions.
But those derogations the from rules single of the market were intended to be and temporary to be phased out.
Therefore, we must keep a watchful eye on the content of future this agreement, particularly as the regards level public of aid.
It must also be clear to us that we have to hold fast the to of separation the powers, and that want is I why to spell it out to the House that anyone promises, who here in this House today, that national models of state the welfare will be transposed the to European level, is trying to hoodwink the public.
But we should deceive not ourselves.
It has not of been availed because are they not aware of it, because of difficulties with language, etc. The thing first is certainly to transpose the directive into law.
It is important that the general should public become of aware this debate.
Current farming practice, as has been also stated here, has been responsible for most the of effluent in waterways our and the reason for their eutrophication.
is amazing that no graduate student in the Netherlands France or has written a thesis this on what means for Europe's border controls the and It like.
I think the measures I have mentioned testify to the that Europe fact constantly is trying, in concrete a to way, address the needs the of most vulnerable groups, especially in current the economic situation.
I see role our as connecting reliable other information such providers as Member States or patient organisations.
Xiaobo. is good a time to draw the attention of world opinion to people such just as Liu Today
(IT) Madam President President, of the Council, President of the Commission, ladies gentlemen, and my in political worldview, need ideals to be reconciled with interests.
The report says in its opening paragraphs necessary that the effort be must made on behalf of information policy.
The need to our modernise statistics results also from the of existence systems different and different statistical practices in Member States, which makes often it difficult to compare data across whole the Union. European
Personally, I particularly like the Danish model, where there is transparent access to the there grid; is an energy tax which corrects prices; are clear there targets for renewable energy and sources; there is an almost protected market.
Mr Blair knows perfectly that well are there many within shortcomings Turkey the at present time and there have been for many years.
In currently directives under way, such as the national emission limitation and directive directive the on large combustion plants refer - the to Oomen-Ruijten report - these issues are key of importance.
The Union's decision-making rules had to be adapted to allow for enlargement.
The forthcoming negotiations the regarding expiry of the transit with agreement will Austria provide a good in opportunity this respect.
In a few years' time, we will be heading 10 towards ppm, to compared 27 000 ppm for by accounted sea-going vessels.
That in itself speaks volumes about the Labour Party's toward the attitude European Parliament.
The campaigns action must also aim to reduce noise.
0.5%. are therefore going to vote in favour of the by amendments the Committee on Environment, the Public Health and Consumer designed Policy, to prune the threshold values for GMOs authorised to back We
How is it possible the that zone euro is only a single area payment for notes and with coins, all other means of payment being discouraged punitive by bank charges?
The was country a Soviet satellite state.
I should therefore like to draw your attention to the written declaration and I my colleagues prepared have on this problem, between the relationship diabetes and in obesity pregnancy.
The European Union is endowed a with Charter of Rights. Fundamental
Our fellow has, Member to be tabled precise, a motion of inadmissibility based on the absence a of legal basis, pending ratification of the the Treaty of Nice.
This House has, for years, monitoring many the been efforts of the European Commission with regard to a code of European civil law and has expressed approval its and lent its in support numerous resolutions 1989. since
This figure is wrong.
I would like to comment on a few issues that been have raised which I think here, are very important.
gentlemen, and my report today essentially concerns the performance of the Bank European Central in 2009 - in other during words, a period in which financial economic, increasingly, and, also political actions, were substantially by dominated the economic and financial Ladies crisis.
Parliament accept cannot the fact that the SMEs still have hard such a time obtaining the funding.
I for one am certain that this outcome, which unthinkable seemed a just few months ago, would have not been possible without the personal commitment Clinton President of and Mrs Albright.
. should We welcome the today news over the to resolution the EU/China trade dispute.
Secondly, we rigorous apply conditionality.
proposal part is of the wide-ranging administrative burden reduction exercise; it free would up and redirect business resources thus and enhance the competitiveness European of The economies.
We the welcome of negotiations initiation between the government of the of Republic Moldova and the IMF and World Bank.
Mr President, thank you very much indeed for your Christmas wishes.
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
In this respect, we also should not, and must not, forget those people who until have, now, not had to access the internet.
the Since is extremely agenda full, the only way to include this point without having to remove something else would be to cut short Question Time.
Mr van Velzen's report is too from far economic reality.
They are, above symbolic all, of the logorrhoea that the European are institutions capable showing of on the subject of and growth employment in order disguise to their share of responsibility for the disastrous social and economic in situation Europe.
For that reason, it is not fortuitous that all the members of Culture the Committee took the view we that had to reject the Council’s reduction in funds for policy, cultural there for can be no credible cultural policy in a Europe of 25 Member if States the funds for it are cut in 2005, the which first year in there a is single for Budget all of them.
It meets the for need common energy and foreign policies.
doing The of States America might have been expected to take on the task over the last few months, but it proved has quite incapable of United so.
I come a part from the of Community where we have an ancient and very rich living but language it is at some risk.
They are meeting later this month relation in to this issue.
What would not, contrast, by be consistent and cohesive would be for a mechanism funding based strictly on Community funding slip to through in the back door; it would not be consistent with the remainder of the proposal would and therefore about bring an enormous with dysfunction the concept and rationale behind reform the which Parliament is proposing.
The will Commission be ready to continue discussions with Parliament related to shape the of cohesion future policy the in forthcoming months.
Under the latter, up-to-date means of enforcement have been developed, such as Clean the Development Mechanism made up of flexible two mechanisms, and the expertise scientific of the IPCC has been also developed.
come to back the amendments more in detail, I would like to say to you that I particularly welcome the amendments that enhance of the importance the new priorities given MEDIA to 2007 compared with the previous MEDIA To programme.
That this is a company strategy - and, of it course, is not the only company to do this - confirmed was to me ground by the staff the at airport and by many consumer associations.
Closure of sitting
I When see that we alone in the European Parliament are planning an increase of 0.07% in the comparison with year 2000, then this rigour guaranteed is and we can show our face.
That, unfortunately, was not enough to us make give him our votes, but thank I him warmly his for cooperation, which is always excellent and constructive.
It is the duty our of leaders to bring these realistic and objectives achievable to fruition as as quickly possible.
should not raise hopes that the EU will not to want Parliament fulfil.
We have nation states with their own policies and discuss we policies.
I have to disagree Mr with Ribeiro about the length it has for taken us to get here.
At same the time, however, security is also a basic requirement for and prosperity growth as and, such, indispensable for achieving the policy economic of goals the Lisbon Agenda.
action Such is particularly topical in view monetary of the integration; with euro, Europe has a great opportunity before it.
practice – and I include my own country this – in indicates that there are still plenty loopholes, of that definitions are unclear, that are prohibitions sometimes and ignored, that considerations commercial all too often take precedence over respect human for Day-to-day rights.
Her figures out are of date.
Portugal. President, ladies and once gentlemen, this again summer a large number of huge forest fires various hit southern European countries including Mr
The side other of the is problem too few fish.
In so doing, are you hampering severely Copenhagen's chances of success.
can therefore accept only Amendments 1 and 5, which correspond to the provisions of the plan, such the as request to specify the status of eastern the cod stock in the first I recital.
Mr President, Dupuis, Mr I believe that there is thing one in particular that can say you about Bosnia-Herzegovina, and this is if the that international community wanted had to break its promises there, as you suggest, it then certainly would not have sent multinational troops, and would not a have such heavy commitment there to this day.
We adamant are in wanting democracy of this kind.
We are convinced that, for the first time, as Commissioner Vitorino pointed G8 out, the witnessed focused a debate on issues practical between the leaders of the world' s most industrialised and countries leaders the of the African countries, in which they discussed issues practical and launched also a cooperation project for on proposal the African for union, presented by the industrialised countries with the aim of setting up a partnership with these countries.
This must include, as a minimum, an automatic Parliamentary right subject to any WTO deal to assent and much access greater to the negotiating briefs discussed within Council. the
I can easily imagine what could disasters result from a so-called ‘surgical strike’ of this kind today.
Finally, I like to would wish you all a happy Christmas.
The is government widely of accused authoritarian restoring rule the under guise of democracy, with mafia-type control of business activities and a deteriorating economy.
Despite this, took I part in it, the taking view that irreconcilable positions would block a positive outcome, and that it is also not good a idea for the Finnish compromise to be withdrawn.
(DA) President, Mr am I the European consumer and I want to know what I putting am in my mouth.
The compilation of a scientific ranking of gender equity in labour the would market be an effective measure the for reduction of inequality, but must one find also the facts on one’s own.
Mr President, as in early as 1993 - at very the outset of the internal - market we, together with Parliament, asked the Commission to submit a proposal to regulate late payments.
Even though the of provision and health care care in general currently remains essentially the competence of the Member States, we realise that a similar trend with significant and implications complex cannot be dealt with effectively and at thoroughly national level alone.
The Commission welcomes the that agreement was achieved on defence at the Intergovernmental Conference, including content the the protocol of that was discussed the following conclave in Naples.
Structural aid is at targeted forward-looking development models and economic sectors which have potential to the create new employment opportunities.
These measures kept were under constant review and renewed or amended as appropriate on an annual basis.
The which directive, adopted was last year, lays down and fair detailed rules for to access Member States’ gas by transmission networks third parties, taking of account the individual nature of national and regional markets.
5.
Mr President, I have already spoken twice about Iraq in this Chamber.
In form the put before us today, the for a proposal directive on services, which forms part of the economic reform process launched by the Lisbon European Council with the aim making of Europe most the competitive dynamic and knowledge economy in world the by represents 2010, major a political step forward for the European Union.
I hope that in future the of children Uganda will be able to live peacefully that and people like Innocent have will human their rights respected.
therefore We still need the FIFG aid for the renewal and modernisation of fleet, our which a is crucial aspect if we are still fishermen to and have a competitive fleet.
If it is not clear, how can we be expected aid to and abet contradictory procedures, which resolve a few temporary problems (intellectual property rights, movement, education), which but also expose the fact that these problems were caused the by intervention of big business in each country's culture?
We welcome the that progress already has been made, but is it still not enough.
That would have been a saving overall.
This work, therefore, requires the Commission work to closely Member with authorities State to try to find and correct quick solutions.
I hope that the migration place takes the in most way effective possible, that this change does not in any damage way Europe's security, that and has it a satisfactory outcome.
If we want directives, new we really will have to make and choices establish priorities.
Stereotypes are difficult to change, yet we have to recognise that the of effectiveness our laws stand or fall on whether we succeed in doing so.
for Requests oral amendments are also governed by different not rules, rules at disposal the of of the president the sitting, but already rules formally included in our Rules of Procedure.
We only will be able to walk our with held heads high our when vision of a moral order becomes reality.
If we are awaiting still studies the of possible effects of harmful substances, then in meantime, the genetically modified cotton at should least be on stated the label.
Mr Vande Lanotte, you are visiting our House attending and the sitting. You said you come have to listen, than rather make any comments, I and can understand that.
The original proposal from the Commission could have devastated Europe's stock small-business markets such as Aim markets.
the therefore think that the excellent measures that have only just been launched under the initiative Community should be retained in the Community new initiatives in We future.
Treaty. again national parliaments are being forgotten and they will have, as we know, to the ratify revision of the Once
I firmly that believe everything must be done on top of to this avert the consequences of the disaster and rebuild living conditions.
I have two said things: simply that we cannot agree a new financial perspective that does not least at set out a process that leads to a more rational budget …
Montreal. agreements are the way forward we and should continue to build the on agreement which reached was in International
All that is is missing the courage to put into practice more ambitious effective and policies.
need We to fight and make commitment a in the context Doha of in to order attain liberalisation of services, which often means on taking national veritable oligarchies that stifle development of local economies.
The second point like I should to deal with is the question of ad the hoc procedure.
individual Any improvements made the by Parliament European report do not change the essence, the direction or rationale the of the Visa Code, which is yet tool another for the harsher control repression and of immigrants within the framework of the overall anti-immigration of policy the EU, expressed as in the Pact on Immigration.
We should remind ourselves that the - Union at the Union least and what preceded it - is less than half a century Not old. only evolving is it size in but it is also evolving its in institutions and in its institutional capacity.
The e-mail addresses DoCoMo NTT of mobile phones are based on the phones' telephone numbers.
The Commission will that ensure the parts of the research draft selected for the CFR - possibly and are modified - coherent with other each and with future the framework directive.
States. far as this problem is concerned, I would like to you remind that the Commission wanted to resolve this question a year ago, but was not supported the Member by As
Europe Secondly, really can things change and make a contribution.
In our it view, is not right to reward Egypt for its misconduct under these circumstances, and we therefore against have voted the proposal.
Treaty. is not a good beginning for the improved policy foreign the EU of following ratification of the Lisbon It
We must, together, do in everything our power to this prevent from happening.
We see three long-term objectives in our relations with Russia: we to want a see democracy functioning and market economy which in lives Russia up to the international commitments has it undertaken; we want to a see broad and strategic EU-Russia based relationship on Russia interdependence - needs the European Union and European the Union also needs - Russia and we want to enhance our cooperation with Russia on international issues.
An independent audit office parliamentary needs to be set up as soon possible as whose task is to ensure the of public effectiveness spending by Parliament.
needs to It be understood that penalties will be enforced regardless of the geographical area of the European Union concerned.
Since we will very be pressed time for in the topical and urgent debate, in of view many the matters to be addressed in hour an and a half, I simply wanted to ask whether the sessional might services not check whether see to we could have extra half an an hour for the topical and urgent that debate so there is sufficient speaking time.
People also are making a lot of demands of us subjecting and us to pressure, and there are expectations that EU the will operate properly and deliver.
President, Mr we are talking this evening about right the of and asylum, there is a I question like would to ask: is asylum, today, really still a right at all?
It also highlights the need to provide stable employment, training quality and fair social protection staff to working in childcare.
industry. must ensure that arrangements our for financial supervision are adapted the to needs of a more integrated financial EU is This vital for financial stability and for competitiveness the of our We sector.
There is a clear need to better coordinate the of action the as Union, such, that with of Member the States.
And we are that conscious if the European democratic institutions and operated this Parliament differently it would probably be possible to table a motion of censure or reprimand on the Commissioner. Agriculture
I also voted for the report it because sets out a series of measures immediate that are needed guarantee to women a life, decent and it is clear that political, long-term social and legal are measures required to gender-based eliminate violence.
precisely For that condition will help break the present deadlock in the East. Middle
What point have we reached in preparing the map European of ports of refuge?
Point 5 (h).
The extreme of diversity situations Europe in means that no single policy can be drawn up.
I tend start to monthly the part-session in Strasbourg in cheer good and in good condition, physical but practically every part-session end I up catching a hefty cold.
Everyday life will catch up soon with us, and, necessary though great speeches it are, is not by them that is Europe maintained.
President, after Minister Prime Simitis' reply, exhaustive wish I only add to a brief comment and response in order not to prolong your Mr suffering.
What needed is not is free trade and for arms the security forces real but steps to poverty prevent and an improvement in the legal situation the of majority of the population.
We must and cooperate internationally, this should include UN initiatives.
The island saw regions all the possibilities of specific special, being treatment categorically and methodically rejected.
perverse The of this result measure, if it were adopted, would obviously be that the would Member States be encouraged to retain classified documents rather than passing them on to bodies, and Community this is my why group cannot support this proposal.
I ask you: when we will have it?
When the current recovery plan was adopted in I 2007, tabled amendment, an which was adopted by the House and the incorporated by Commission in final its text, the obliging Member States to submit fishing plans showing that their fleet capacity was to adapted the quota allocated to it.
Mutual trust involves keeping doors between the our countries open and this will be beneficial and lead to cooperation and, above to all, more pleasant relations our between countries.
Secondly, what President Barroso, the Prime Minister Canadian and Angela even Merkel are currently saying is that it is good not enough.
In my country, the equation is a simple one: since we live under a system of redistribution for the payment of statutory pensions, each whereby generation of people working for the pays pensions of the gone generation that has before it, that means, in very practical terms, that fewer working people have will fund to retirement the and health care of a greater number of who pensioners, will longer living be and longer.
I the thank Member for her supplementary question.
However, the problem is that all not of money the even reached the SMEs.
We will then, however, have to answer our children’s questions, as parents our and grandparents had to our answer own, and I will be able to tell that I them did indeed being prevent freedom sacrificed to security, that I did indeed help to keep this great society open, tolerant and a free, society that would tolerate never intolerance, that I did offer indeed those in persecuted foreign lands the seek opportunity to safety in this Europe ours, of and gave that opportunity same to who those wanted to and live work here.
20%. s improves report Commission the proposal by broadening the scope the of simplified scheme to include farmers who get up to 1500 euro and per year also increasing aid by Parliament'
live in our various countries and we hear criticisms of the EU's development We policy.
recent events in the French have suburbs shown, the even Union’s most industrialised have countries serious imbalances, social which leave whole swathes of the population feeling As marginalised.
resolutions also amend the annexes Regulation to (EC) No 883/2004 that were left empty the when basic was Regulation These adopted.
And, of course, an isolated incident of such behaviour as that described in the definition an may constitute affront dignity to at work, an but individual and isolated incident would not be considered harassment.
This is not about intervention, it is about not in interfering cultural national policy, no new wave of harmonisation being is started; on the contrary, is it about bringing politicians sermonising down to earth saying, and could you please stop using subsidiarity as a veto.
on of behalf Verts/ALE the Group. - (ES) Mr President, this has House spoken out in favour of an international the treaty on transfer of weapons on previous many occasions.
(SK) purpose The of my presentation is to warn consumers European who Chinese wear textile products.
. Mr President, I am reminded of an occasion a when senior politician in Ireland was described in uncomplimentary very because terms was he up and down so making frequently contributions.
addition, the pension systems in the individual various Member States vary considerably, in terms of size, reliability and In supervision.
President, Mr this is but a small significant measure to extend the duties of Member States to carry out strategic environmental assessments on the planning framework well as on actual as the plans where implementation the would could or have a significant impact on the environment.
dictates Democracy the that lives millions of of people should not be to subjected the dictates of handful a of industrial magnates. These layoffs must therefore be banned.
There has been progress no in 5 months, and it's unlikely we'll see any soon, if ever.
At a time when the EU is demanding more and more visa controls from country third nationals, it seems a bit ironic that we ask then other countries to drop their visa requirements.
This is indeed proof that, by having blinkered a view of the Stability and Pact Growth a and view of euro area governance focused that solely is on public debt, one fails to see the bigger which picture, would make it possible to the anticipate crisis next and prevent to it.
Mr President, I, too, the welcome rapporteur's proposals certainly we and are in living a much smaller world than ever before.
I am also firmly convinced that we need in Europe a discussion about the social market economy, the regulatory about framework.
This is a serious never political incident; before has the right freedom to of movement been violated for purely political reasons.
In urban addition, transport and urban mobility very are much part of urban development.
That why is the NGO forum organised prior to the Intergovernmental Conference was particularly important for the European Union.
Mr President, nobody needs to tell Commissioner the that we this in Parliament as listen closely to him as he to listens us.
Let me remind that, you in the of case Uzbekistan, this Parliament was pressurised into ratifying a similar in agreement 1999 and, then, the since rights human situation has deteriorated further.
I a have problem with this wording.
I must explain that we were not invited to participate in this so-called for which, compromise many of us, contains proposals we which are unable to agree with.
rapporteur, Mrs Gebhardt has the steered ship of the Services Directive skilfully through many stormy As waters.
The industry itself concedes an overcapacity 20%. of
On the external aspects of the principles of good governance in tax matters, all actions mentioned the in should communication promoted, be with special attention those to related to developing countries.
him from the Chamber Expel immediately!
The two of arms the budgetary authority have therefore gained a clear picture of and the positive deficiencies developments with regard to the existing multiannual programmes.
4.
Mr President, was when I still a young my boy, country was invaded by the Soviets.
Now, the public funds that were available not for policy, social poverty for combating and and social exclusion, for millions preventing of people, children, including from of dying hunger and lack of health basic care, now, I repeat, public funds are being used to avoid bankruptcies and greater losses among financial groups.
So when I read the summit conclusions that which state has Europe set itself the of goal a promoting dynamic knowledge-based economy 'capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs' I , say, 'Go on then, I dare you.'
Now, believe we that there would be an urgent to need establish regulatory and operational conditions undesirable elements, preventing who could undermine the security of Member from slipping States, into the EU unnoticed via Bulgaria and Romania, but our assessment is that those do conditions not exist today.
16 July in 1996, of view the information that he had in his Mr possession, Villiers de threatened to table a motion of censure if committee a of inquiry was not set On up.
Project management skills borrowed the world from of business can be excellent for tools realising new forms of governance to forward drive the development particular of the European system.
is no Parliament shifting on the issue of There democracy.
This is an issue which must also be addressed.
Any victim of reprehensible a act who receives in protection Member a of State the European Union should be able to enjoy the same protection when he or she to travels Member another State.
The Council draw should conclusions; the subsequent should presidencies draw the conclusions; European Commission should conclusions; draw and so should we.
The increased cost to the United Kingdom alone is to deemed be £40-£50 per inspection of each factory.
Before we vote on that, is it for possible someone to speak in favour of it someone and to speak against it.
It is a proposal which will enable Member our States be to much more flexible in their application of the set-aside rules.
necessary, If more money - and I want to this emphasise - point be can made available for humanitarian purposes.
Instead of taxes, reducing money is spent on sorts all of training programmes with dubious results.
So there is a problem here.
Report (A5-0122/2001) Mr by Sánchez, Aparicio on the behalf of on Committee Culture, Youth, Education, the and Media Sport, on the report from the Commission to Council, the the European Parliament and the Economic and Social on Committee the implementation of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3911/92 on the cultural export of goods and Council Directive 93/7/EEC on the return cultural of objects unlawfully removed from the territory of a [COM(2000) Member State 325 - - C5-0509/2000 2000/2246(COS)]
It is very important we that new have structures, especially in the field foreign of security and policy, I and agree with those people who have stressed the importance of good foreign and common policy, security but it is enough not just to have good structures in place.
the welcome Commission's commitment to do everything possible to accelerate the process for Bosnia Herzegovina, and and and Albania, I hope both countries will introduce visa-free regimes they once meet the criteria - as soon as possible, possibly in next summer I year.
If it does, then are where the vaccines for everyone else?
is It therefore very not that a likely slight increase in European customs duties will affect the general level of exports of cut flowers Colombia. from
The debate is closed.
Four: reorientation of the aid under the European Fisheries Fund.
Mr Sharon is interested in pacification, humiliation, the capitulation of the Palestinians, but in not a genuine, fair peace.
should It also be pointed that out Finland joined the Schengen Agreement rather in passively, fact extensive any without public debate, and as far as know I even the Finnish parliament has had its as doubts to whether Finland needs even an arrangement like the present Schengen Agreement.
We have further enhanced role the of the Parliament European and strengthened, a result, as the democratic scrutiny of the Union.
The prevention pollution-related diseases of through better understanding of how the pollutants cause or aggravate them is one of objectives the of proposed the programme.
Specifically, does the have Council type any of mechanism the for informing Turkish of Government these in cases, order prevent to any repetition of these incidents, and in order to demonstrate to them in a practical way what the democratic functioning of European the consists institutions of?
This chancellor, lied who has and to deceived his own people, is trying make to good the mistakes of his election campaign.
The report proposes tightening the limits which will apply as from 2000 and changing the reference fuel used in the test.
Secondly, the regime does not enjoy internal peace in order concentrate to on exclusively promoting more a assertive foreign policy.
And while this is the case, we will seek have to new measures, additional measures to reduce the number of fatalities and where injuries, the ideal figure is zero.
Another Spring Summit will soon be us, upon yet, what from see we in the Commission’s the report, economic recipe will be ‘more the of same’.
Libya has asked for help in controlling southern its border: its 2 000-km desert border is practically and uncontrollable, one of requests the that we have received is: ‘help us to control this better, border we and can help you to control people before set they off and, above eradicate to all, people which trafficking,’ unfortunately takes often place across Mediterranean. the
us Let not forget that 80% of the fraud place takes within Member States.
We talking here are about problems, currency stock market and collapses financial crises. Those are the subjects these of oral questions and motions for resolutions.
At the same it time, a also represents quantum leap in qualitative terms, and a logical and vital step in the development of Union, the in the wake of the establishment the of internal market, introduction of the the single currency and the a launching of common foreign and security policy.
Nationalisation of the private system pension through open extortion, just as Bolivia. in
It is clear that proposals any to add to the actions foreseen will have budgetary implications.
the In USA is it usual to provide venture capital, but unfortunately in not Europe.
Article of 19 the Treaty on European says Union one very thing, simple namely that the governments all represented within Security the Council must uphold the position defined by the European Union.
He is quite right, it is and clear that is there no Community legislation which lays down detailed rules on the of protection workers' against representatives dismissal.
Why is one no in this House in or the Council European talking about the value external of the euro?
There is a serious of risk via contagion private equity.
It is no longer an just economic issue; it has taken an on ethical dimension.
So that to extent the allegation that the Americans would misuse regularly data passed to quite them is simply mistaken.
of The result that accession, especially of from states Central and Eastern Europe, a was hitherto unseen scale of inter-Union migration.
The measures that were recently adopted in Italy, where on 21 May 'state a of emergency in relation to the nomad settlements in regions the Campania, of Lazio and Lombardy' was declared a for one-year period, are an example of these dangerous and unacceptable measures that promote discrimination, segregation and the 'criminalisation' citizens and of populations, violating rights, their freedoms guarantees - and their most basic human rights.
As there is no international definition gender-based of violence, the is data and disparate, quite does not give an indication of the real scale of the problem.
to According the International Federation of Journalists, journalists were four killed in Russia last year alone and, 1 since January 2002, thirteen have been killed.
Minutes) (For the outcome and other details of the vote: see
That is the why Green Paper described the review of the regulatory traditional system in of terms its relevance to the future as most important the challenge.
Kellett-Bowman report (A4-0380/98)
I hope they will find the compromise of allowing access them at an earlier age if they have sufficient acceptable, experience as keeps that safety at top the of our concerns.
Thirdly, such a policy offers the prospect of membership to countries which are trying to achieve it.
I like should to to say Mr Herman whom - I see cannot here - either that the Commission does not that believe the American plan for the steel industry is last its word on the policy it is going to adopt in order to address pressures facing the steel Instead, trade. believe we it is the of beginning a negotiating process Congress with the steel and that industry could lead to specific measures within a few months.
What learn I from Court the of reports Auditors' after being here for six years is that we often make mistakes and that we should try to remind colleagues back in the Member what States they to have do.
Now the work technical is being done.
I can only partly to subscribe the shift towards integration the world in trade system instead of a change of that benefit system to the poorest.
Mass culture will be promoted. is, This in the long fatal run, for cultural the education of citizens.
refer I in particular to the visits that we made to the six affected countries natural by disasters and the public hearing place that took in Brussels.
He was due to visit the European Parliament today and give us an eye witness account of the situation in Chechnya, but he not was allowed to leave Russia.
question will arise, then Mr Schnellhardt, as to the basis legal we have to and adopt the form of parliamentary The involvement.
This is a for problem us, as there is little we can do.
(SK) would I like to thank Mr Harangozó for excellent his report, which with deals issues that have not been very to prominent date yet represent a dormant source of what rather are significant clearly problems.
Otherwise, the added creation of value, and with it long-term economic recovery, will be almost impossible.
The principles essential and proper procedures decision-making related to the management of fund this are defined in the multiannual technical guidelines for the research of programme the Research for Fund Coal Steel. and
fully We support the work of the EU's representative, Ambassador Wolfgang Ischinger, and will we leave no stone in seeking unturned a negotiated solution.
We are going have to a on discussion the budget review.
In France sludge has been mixed animal with which feed, also has contained human waste, because of its urea content.
this In regard, the rapporteur wished to the remind Council and Commission the of the recommendation the in by report Mr Barnier, according to which only preventive organisation and a pooling of resources existing can about bring emergence the of a civil European protection force.
Since 1980 one a and half billion people in 15 countries, that is a quarter of world's the population, have enjoyed a spectacular economic growth.
I have started off very dangerously, as with only one minute's speaking time, you can only afford such a long introduction you if can refer someone to what has else already said. In this case I am pleased to say that I fully agree with all Mrs Randzio-Plath's requests and simply would like support to them, in particular her for call Commission the to launch a real and, initiative as far as possible, to ensure transparency.
But the use of these drugs is the on increase.
Madam President, I reluctantly supported this, though I would have preferred not have to voted for it.
Nor does it to require employees work 60 or 65 hours a week, including overtime.
We must show courage in order to offer the citizens an area security of which is also area an that defends freedom.
They are particularly also vulnerable, all as the statistics show, as they have a proportionally much higher in involvement than accidents other road users.
I in voted favour this of document because I am convinced that in the negotiations the on reform of Basel II, the EU must to strive equal obtain terms with the United States on accounting parity standards, between of requirements banks commercial and investment banks, an unambiguous definition of and liquidity greater transparency with regard to the role of rating agencies.
I am of opinion that the if we adopt an ambitious strategy for which there are good genuinely grounds, then we must also stick it with and not give up ahead of time.
Examples these of when are company a being is up, wound when its managers have been involved in proven misconduct, or when tax or social security have obligations not been fulfilled.
We must, then deal with this issue the negotiating at table.
citizens European do believe not today that the Shanghai agreement was the most framework; correct or they probably believe that it was very late coming.
In the fight against the climate change, Union European and this House are unchallenged leaders.
The purpose of the first amendment is to add Article 13(s) a as legal base.
That may you give some cause for concern.
However, allow to me address in detail the amendments, have which been proposed.
Cinema and television production
One later, year in 2005, complainant again the had to turn to the Ombudsman to the effect that the was Commission ignoring the earlier Ombudsman's findings.
We do not have an unlimited capacity to repair damage and prevention requires courage political coherent and regional development.
In short, people are young smoking more and more, currently and no anti-smoking policy is capable of curbing this infernal trend.
The Commission also agrees that traceability is an issue further for improvements.
is, It therefore, new, completely and I will show it to you right away.
We can accept an exchange, is that to say, a transfer, reciprocal of targeted on data request from a authority judicial in specific a context.
I am proposing that Council the and Commission' s proposal a for regulatory committee be endorsed.
economic cooperation between the Member States will help us ensure to that we do not leave behind debts for our but children, instead euro a area which in the countries cooperate with one another rather being than dragged down by Strong competition.
As European the Parliament already expressed a by large majority last October, the renewal of the Lomé Agreement assumes a fundamental importance, both from the symbolic point view of and its in concrete aspects: symbolically, because, depending on decisions what are taken, it will be possible to judge whether the commitment of the Union towards our partners in the poorest parts of world, the either will be confirmed or will be cancelled; reduced or actually concretely, because it is from also how objectives the and rules of development cooperation European will be redefined, and especially most its important instrument, which will depend great a on deal the possibility for Union the influence to the world situation positively.
The debate is closed.
If we at look the we press can see that 90% - or even more - of material the printed being focuses on falling infection rates, but very little is of said cures or how citizens should act.
The report should be supported so that the Commission can new start creating a section in the Regulation Financial devoted solely to the funding European of parties and foundations.
Madam President, the preamble to the Declaration Universal of Human Rights, approved 50 years ago, amongst stated other things that disregard and for contempt human rights have resulted in which acts have the outraged conscience of mankind.
However, as everyone knows, European Union aid, like from aid individual states, the even wealthiest ones, from aid and international institutions, is a only drop in the ocean of poverty which under these countries are submerged.
I would also like to stress the of importance international cooperation.
The European Union has for years and lacked leadership ambition.
A considerable amount of international aid has poured into country, the yet within its borders distinctions made, have been anti-separatist measures going hand hand in disaster-relief with efforts.
. Commissioner, Mr President, and ladies gentlemen, we are here faced with some extremely sensitive issues.
This concerns us deeply and that is why we requested this debate today.
Concrete action is expected of the Finnish energy Presidency policy, environmental in policy, in and, particular, cooperation in the Baltic region in all its respects.
The on debate this in plenary not could come have up at a more opportune time, given the unprecedented economic financial and understanding reached last by week European leaders.
This shall exemption apply to micro-enterprises which sell foodstuffs and to not supermarkets or franchised supermarket chains.
At same the time, amendments proposed by our Group, would which have made the more report comprehensive, remained unapproved.
. President, Mr as he is still here, me let Mr commend Brok for his important report.
urge Pyongyang allow to inspection of all types of detention facilities by independent experts, to international and allow UN Special Reporters to visit the I country.
The regards Commission the revised report as to concise, the point and constructive.
addition, In there a is need clear to have a common understanding, within the Community, of the costs of environmental damage to borne be by the polluter.
Thank for you your attention.
I hope that South Africa will shortly be able to respond to this improved offer and that effort every will now made to be conclude the negotiations as as near possible to the target of date mid-1998 latest or at by the end of the year.
European polices to prevent and deal with forest fires are as needed, is financial support from the Union European for the countries, as such Greece, that the face worst repercussions this year.
Mr President, Commissioner, Flemming, Mrs ladies gentlemen, and the citizens' senior card should really also be a symbol of the tremendous purchasing power by enjoyed senior citizens in Europe.
The of employment, innovation, research and facilitation development, the of goals related to energy strategy of and social inclusion, in particular through the reduction of promotion poverty.
Even before Palestinian the elections, had I called for Parliament’s agenda to issue include the of the diplomats’ European harsh but report accurate on which the Jerusalem, Council kept secret so as not to affect its relations with the Israeli authorities.
It should out be pointed that the previous proposal clearly showed how difficult it having is detailed rules that are apply to under quite different conditions.
Or is perhaps the it case that Financial the Perspective could be extended, allowing Amendment No 1 be to implemented without adversely affecting the other candidate countries?
We need stronger, weaker, not Cohesion policy.
That should happen to in order ensure that there really is a approach uniform and as so to have uniform structures.
Thank goodness we say 'prices' and 'tariffs' not nowadays.
in a Secondly, public statement yesterday, the Turkish Minister Agriculture of declared that ‘there is no reason for concern’.
That is all, President. Mr
The CAP suits the agricultural regions best in the EU.
It is important also to build confidence in products by action taking to up step the fight against counterfeit goods, which should be regarded common as theft a of brand or a trademark.
As an example, I refer to will a principle which guided the European Community its from inception - defence of what is known as parallel or trade trade, in legal products outside of official distribution, channels for the example, sale in Germany of Grundig televisions which have purchased been legally in France.
Socialist No democrat or can approve of that, because it is a gross violation of the fundamental most of all human rights, namely the right to life.
This only will be the case the if conditions working are met and if our can businesses invest and recruit under comparable fiscal conditions.
First of all, does the Council intend to for push the creation of international of an commission inquiry on the events of 28 September?
In every democratic state the world over, this political order, which secures for people the freedom and co-determination, is founded upon political parties and guaranteed by them.
Only to a lesser extentdoes this system deal with the rehabilitation and social reintegration the of defendants and, more a generally, with crime prevention policy.
I say, must ladies gentlemen, and whenever that we discuss - fisheries indeed, we have a become 'friends of fisheries' group, always more less or the people same - my it is that impression some of you or think, at least your words imply, that the fisheries sector once experienced a glorious and splendid heyday.
That is why I would to like put a very question precise to Commissioner: the can you guarantee that no taxpayers European could find themselves paying, through their for taxes, research be that would to subject legal penalties if it were being carried in out their own Member State?
These do not yet exist in the Netherlands, but I hope that the newly-elected Lower House in the Netherlands will soon introduce such a joint so committee, that the zone twilight of cooperation can institutional be better by controlled, national the as well parliaments as by European the Parliament.
At the same we time, should avoid portraying women only as victims and make an to effort recognise the tremendous contribution they make in terms of caring people for with living HIV/AIDS or children for left behind.
I appeal to colleagues to support the amendments of Committee. the Environment
All that to remains be seen what is the government's response will to be the Commission's move.
We are convinced less on having a formal, new specific annual report, in since the particular established recently Fundamental Rights Agency as perhaps will, most its important task, adopt such an annual report on fundamental rights issues within the EU.
Madam President, would I like to thank Mr Herman for working at such speed and trying to guide us through the revolution we that are in middle the of.
In the funds development, research, for human rights, the environment, policy external and culture. Precisely those areas that are close to people’s hearts and that are given a visible value added if they implemented are European at level.
That knowledge will always be incomplete.
Commission The needs to think carefully and weigh up the before consequences reacting too hastily this to problem.
This demonstrates lack a of knowledge of different the kinds of distillation and alcohols of produced by them, since potable alcohol, intended exclusively for the production of brandies, ports liqueurs, and is a high-quality product, something that can in no way be achieved by means of alcohol the from distillation of by-products.
As pollution not does stop at borders, must we also urge our neighbouring countries to our implement mercury strict policy.
One part of is this certainly the need to resist the hegemonic aspirations of the United States, but we in must also learn Europe to assume a more prominent role ourselves, in at our least immediate sphere of interest.
- Report: Markov
Thank you, Commissioner.
However, despite repeated requests, Commission officials so have far failed provide to a copy of this document.
regard to defining the network of routes, navigable I agree with Mrs Peijs the on importance of navigable routes, and we are conducting very important With initiatives.
do not believe that failing to mention name the and surname of the President of the Italian Republic will change a great deal, given that it is the President of the Italian Republic the who is subject of these I amendments.
Regarding Amendment No 51
Equally, increased efficiency and speed when dealing with an emergency requires a political strong will the part on of the various parties concerned.
The finding second is that Iran has an right inalienable to develop nuclear a programme for peaceful purposes.
100%. second, somewhat critical question - and addressed one by Mrs Foster - that is of employees whether really need to be vetted The
In particular, we highlighted have the importance a of fully single functioning market in goods creating and services, a better business (especially environment for SMEs), stimulating innovation and labour introducing market that reforms focus on skills, flexibility and encouragement to create new jobs.
2012. the a result 2012 draft budget is almost EUR 9 billion below the ceiling the of financial perspective set for As
Secondly, I support the proposal for a assessment, risk-based which is based on and science will prove workable for Member States.
things But to have change the for better and we in the West have a duty to see that such a change sooner happens than rather later.
There is still a long way to go, but we are on right the track.
Finally, I like would to thank everyone for words the kind on the Swedish Presidency.
Let start me by thanking the rapporteur for report his and the for words he has just pronounced.
Men have held been detention in for ten years almost on part this of Cuban territory for the sole purpose of bypassing US jurisdiction legal and in spite the of lack of evidence against some of them.
that Be as it may, the people of those must countries not be to made suffer for the lack of political courage shown by the leaders EU or for the made statements their by own of Heads Government.
We need leadership from our Heads of State Government and telling people what a success enlargement has been and how continued will enlargement needed, be once have we our constitutional arrangements in place.
According Rules to the of Procedure, that is a different option the to committee of inquiry.
One thing is clear, however: this Europe will only be a good Europe if is it a democratic one.
I would like to know whether or not is this and, true if it is true, on what you authority these made statements.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to begin by Mr thanking Grosch, the shadow rapporteur, with whom I worked, along with the technical staff from the Committee on Transport and Tourism and European the Socialists Group, as well as colleagues my the in and Commission the staff, Commission's not to mention yourself, Commissioner, and Presidency the of the European I Council which have enjoyed very close cooperation with.
Having seen that the Commission is concerned about this and having received a satisfactory very response, does the Commission nevertheless intend to implement any to measure the lessen of impact presumably this negative effect the final before date indicated?
Now I realise that the might Commission sensitive be doing about so, case in it brings the wrath of this House down on it.
need We the Council to act more quickly.
Yet there is not the suggestion slightest in the proposal Commission that the problems facing raw the materials producers, farmers, i.e. the have been registered.
That is we why do not want to accept that amendment.
Nothing! 
Generally it speaking, is excellent that are we trying today to address an issue is that very important for young people.
You can count on us to support you but you can also count on us, if it necessary, is to a keep close on eye the that decisions being are taken.
welcome the study and inquiry the into food manufacturing is that being out carried by the European Safety Food Authority as it has now been proven that shoppers happy are to pay more money for food which has related health I benefits.
Young people have a different of view Europe.
Let make me one final appeal to my fellow Members before the let vote: be us practical.
Next, it is important to initiate targeted projects monitoring for space and earth, the telecommunications for and and, multimedia for especially, biology too, particularly in the of field genome research.
Vice-President of the Commission, and ladies gentlemen, the acronyms Frontex Eurosur and remind us of a harsh reality that to we have combat, is which that of thousands of continue people who to arrive in Europe illegally every day, fleeing from poverty and in search of a better future.
The President of Chile in promised, talks with Sir Leon Brittan, that he would correct the government bill to it bring with line in WTO regulations.
What is the of purpose a cut-off date?
request the in McKenna's Ms report for the Commission to produce an annual report is Meanwhile, supported.
You should know that I have will to leave at ten o' as clock, I attend must the swearing in of Commissioners the in which Luxembourg is to due take place at noon.
If talked you to all the heads of SMEs in Europe, would they tell you one thing – that there are not enough hours in the day – and, at this time of night, many of them are still at hard work.
We are up fed with the others exporting liberalism importing and protectionism.
Far more important, however, is No Amendment 1.
. The Heads Government of have failed.
We try to live in the real world.
These principles guiding respond to agreement the on the strengthening of coordination the of budgetary policies laid in down the Commission's Communication last November.
Europe to needs decentralized be and bottom-up schemes such as and Leader 11 the Enterprises County Board System need to be supported, renewed and expanded.
I believe, that therefore, when you come to this Parliament next would month, we like to hear some clear idea of the direction you take will on two fronts.
Member States can to continue exercise and regulate their health systems, and can they for decide themselves what they benefits want to offer to their and citizens, what to extent.
It takes great a deal of someone courage for attack to the government of from Venezuela this tribune when it is clear that the reasons for the lie attack elsewhere.
we Ultimately only had one argument between Parliament, Commission and Council, and that was the question how of far the demands of the so-called directive for sector both private and contractors public apply.
I believe that questions relating to the coordination of economic policy, questions relating to the major orientations of policy, economic should be discussed the fifteen by Member States.
Surely, as this for motion a resolution we indicates, now need to for plan a transatlantic assembly can where you get the main legislators on both sides of the Atlantic to talk with other each and come to common initiatives together.
He was a sailor and, I last night, dreamed that he and his son, Mr Turchi, rapporteur, the sailing were yacht a across a stormy sea.
did not do this just by the by; I want to tell you this because of criticism the that we just made a phone few We calls.
I myself am not aware of any, and I sure am that this is not happening.
In 1999 we were prepared to follow up the first programme by launching a second, which was to take between six years 2000 and giving 2006, without due to time evaluating the problems I have mentioned.
I made it clear him to that we are building our own that system, are we working cooperation, towards that but we will carry on with development and not let be ourselves into led some kind of technological dependency.
We must ensure that we build a Europe which is in the interests of people, and the reports which been have presented to the today House are a good starting-point for this.
There is principle a involved here, and we must apply it consistently.
This is important an proposal, designed as it is to ensure that all workers protected are in the workplace because, as has Álvarez Mr explained so well, and there need no is for me to what repeat he has said, cannot workers be treated differently depending on how their work is defined.
We were talking a short while ago in this about House debates involving our citizens, about public debates.
This report, the like other, similar reports included in the package, refers directly to the crisis recent financial in and Greece sets the objective of creating a regulatory framework prevent to the repetition similar of crises.
In addition, as far I as am concerned, it makes absolutely no sense, when we are dealing with a technical and legal to regulation, be suggesting that should it be the doing of strategy work country papers in the that countries we work with or work the of the national indicative programmes that we work with.
Now we have ensure to that the programmes get the necessary level of funding.
Mrs Figueiredo, Parliament's to request the Brazilian authorities and to the does Commission not only for the ask respect of legal and rules bilateral agreements, but also to affirm aims the principle that no reason ideological can justify the actions of a murderer and country no guarantee may him impunity.
And I believe we have heard enough quite speeches.
would I repeat that, to my mind, Amendment No 7 represents a good solution to problem the to has which Parliament called attention.
That is was what said but - it as was a Danish Minister that I added this.
And Members all of this House been have made aware by at least the budgetary last two processes just tight how our finances are in the foreign-policy budget.
I agree would that our common responsibility and primary the aim of cooperation between the EU and Africa to has be elimination the of poverty, and that peace of is key significance as a first step towards development.
2011. vote will take on place Tuesday, 5 April The
I therefore feel that funds cover which biometric risks should receive privileged treatment, and that any inflexibility of the system effect, could, in in result imbalances negative for the beneficiaries.
We are world leaders when it financial comes to services.
What is in - question and whole the confidence issue relates to this - is management.
That corresponds to 86.4 % of the Union's traditional own resources.
In event, any thank you for helpful this report which has been most enlightening.
That is I why applauded Mr Busk.
There were German, French, Italian, British, Luxembourgish and other forces, yet at time the it only was the Americans, not the who Europeans, had the capability to put an end to the bloodshed.
This situation is particularly hazardous.
I therefore appeal to your sense reality and of responsibility in this matter, Commissioner.
we I just say that I that think this sort of window is dressing what got us where Can are.
My own is group still facing the same dilemma on that level.
Together with the high level of bureaucracy, this significantly hampers the influx of into investment the country's including that economy, from European the Union.
I thank you.
That why is it is vital that cards ID should be up-to-date, both visually technologically and speaking.
can Nobody that deny the Hungarian Presidency took a turbulent start.
This 4% is, in turn, up made of two components.
We think it is excellent.
Parliament. can assure you that we pay particular attention to the views of the European I
If Srebrenica happened because not there was enough European spirit, then we should do our utmost to this help country embark on the right This means the towards EU. path.
The three largest economies the in European which Union, account for 75 % of the domestic gross product in the euro area, are behaving as follows: German the economy experienced growth negative in the last quarter of last year; the Italian economy has experienced very slight growth less of than 1.5 % over the past years; two and the French is currently economy reviewing growth its forecasts for this year, although is it the highest experiencing growth rate of three these countries.
Communication Council of common positions: see Minutes
These measures are specifically intended to them prevent travelling from and from using their personal own effects.
I greet you on behalf Republic of the of Costa Rica.
is crucial to promote close dialogue and within cooperation the framework of UfM, the to and bring those forward joint major projects which it has identified, well as as the bilateral dimension of the association agreements, in order to strengthen the relationship both between shores and to be to able these reduce It disparities.
Fleet renewal can also make an effective contribution to reducing the effects on urban air quality, public and contracts could an set example.
By these accepting conclusions, we are making ourselves, Council and Parliament, to accessories a policy which will prove to be serious extremely in the years to come, and which will bring the entire Union European a to halt.
on Signatures paper but also through the Internet.
Hence, with sole the and important exception of the city Tuzla, the of result threatens allow to room only for the extremist nationalist parties.
The report was adopted unanimously by committee the after detailed among discussions individual the Members and the groups.
I hope and expect that, at the end this of process of the strengthening substance and the principles the of European three Union, the Benelux countries – not just Belgium or but Luxembourg, the too – Netherlands be will at the forefront of European development.
intervene. would therefore appreciate it if both could institutions an come to It should be then able to avoid similar situations in the future, especially holiday when periods We agreement.
It does not replicate at temperatures above 25º centigrade would, and present if fish in for human consumption, be inactivated when ingested.
Madam President, the rapporteur, our honourable colleague Mrs Neyts, whom I congratulate from warmly other the of side the barrier on her report which I with, disagree is wrong to according me when she that states the democratic can deficit notably be combatted by granting this institution, European Parliament, the greater powers.
We a want European internal market.
.
Local specialities of are immeasurable value.
I was promised that the matter would cleared be up by this sitting.
It will at some point to have acknowledge that proposal this in its current form cannot enter into and force, even revised in form it will be to required undergo the entire process ratification again.
by Deciding consensus means that the conclusions by reached the Governing Council as a whole on certain a decision, in a certain direction, to or decide not to change are anything, supported by the entire Governing Council, by some more enthusiastically than others, this but does not require a vote.
In the sixth century, when I, Alexander King of Macedonia, came to compete person in at ancient Olympia, things two were asked of him: first, the judges wanted to establish that he was Greek, which did immediately, they secondly, and they called on him to skirmishes stop certain in the of north his country, which term was respected.
It seems extraordinary this that Parliament, which represents people of the Europe, is not addressing this this question week, given deepening the of the crisis since the last Commission spoke.
There must be solidarity in the examination of applications.
The honourable Members must understand that there is a institutional fundamental problem which we avoid cannot when comes it to accepting certain types of amendment.
Can it sharpen its image as driving a force?
The important topics still requiring an open discussion include the treatment of the outermost marginal areas overseas or areas.
You mentioned the major four of priorities greater energy security, investment more in information technology, more education and training and creation the of form a of economic European governance that is to that ensure these can priorities also be implemented.
It not, however, specify in the directive the principles on which it would wield additional its does powers.
Many citizens do not the know rights that exist today.
the Moreover, European consumer would be able express to preference a for European products from European farmers.
The whole world this of demands us, and we ask that the community international act immediately to us, support order in to prevent the region from sliding into an and abyss new a cycle of conflict that will have a negative impact not just the on Middle East, but on the world a as whole a at time when the region is other experiencing tensions too.
I agree with the proposal that we should invest greater resources in research into improved seismic risk monitoring, and for funds that purpose have already been provided in the Seventh Programme Framework for Research.
Many be staring will death in the face if no way is found of this ending hunger strike.
of and the Council. - (CS) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank all for MEPs their comments, suggestions President-in-Office observations.
The vote will place take tomorrow at 12 noon.
A Capital Culture of project is only successful and innovative if culture remains permanently place in in the city concerned.
Secondly, we are appealing also for common a horizontal objective place in of objectives 3 and i.e., 4, order in to simplify planning and administration we want to combatting amalgamate measures for unemployment and measures for a preventive policy, employment in other words to amalgamate measures on behalf people of threatened with unemployment.
The Member show States very little determination to their coordinate policy on development aid with other and each with the Union.
The problem is that of how is Europe to its make use of resources to try to export these noble aims.
It has proved possible, and Parliament has been part of it.
We need some form of action on European-wide this issue.
However, there are still fewer than 200 trained police to officers contribute to clearing up crime. A year ago, we did of course see what agreements happens when and which resolutions been have not made are followed up.
Instead, we think negotiated that agreements between the partners in the labour market a are workmanlike and appropriate way to achieve success this in area.
Radicals, We together with hundreds of other public figures and members parliament of from very many countries, are convinced that there still is time and for space another scenario: exile the of the dictator Baghdad of as the only real way to avert war.
I would therefore grateful be if could you be more diligent with to regard this issue.
am grateful for the amendments that been have made and also to the rapporteur, Mr Silva Peneda, has who embarked on this with debate a great deal of commitment and I energy.
This limit, in conjunction the with ability to trade emissions between Member will States, give the countries to opportunity achieve their goals.
Some important news is the that have media reported that Mr Prodi and Mr Kok are finally acknowledging that the most important objective of agenda the Lisbon of 2000 cannot be achieved.
That is one of the ways in which we persist can in following up the previous discharge decisions, that and is extremely something important to do.
The environmental Commissioner when stated took she over that one of the most important objectives during her in term office was to re-assess these regulations.
I am, therefore, going to speak personally.
Is there chance, any Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, the that Iraqi people help, will in the event of military action, to topple the regime?
Mr the President, ‘Women in who have White’, been Sakharov awarded the Prize, as been has pointed out here this afternoon, have not been able to use the tickets that European the Parliament made has available to them so that they could come to pick the up on prize Wednesday, they because not have been authorised by the Cuban is Government, which a violation of flagrant these people’s rights and ignores, Mr President, the majority will of this Parliament.
The same applies to Georgia all and to other countries.
· while we strongly a support ban on the horrendous exploitation abuse and of children child as we soldiers, cannot support ban a on the recruitment of soldiers under aged 18 in own our countries (paragraph 183);
These were included the in common position.
The US authorities will thus have access a to great deal of private data sent an urgent as measure as a of result a terrorist threat that, while genuine, is being still exploited for imperial purposes.
I can assure you that our report, soon to be presented, will also what would ask happen if aid for tobacco growing were discontinued, so you that too will be able to assess likely the and results consequences of such an option.
European is way the we are, and I think it is a democratic way of handling the of diversity the Union. This
was also responsible for up blowing a South Korean It airliner.
In this connection I would like refer to the to reached understanding between Hamas Fatah and based on the ‘Prisoners’ Document’.
With regard to the by speech Mr MacCormick, I would refer you to 63(4) Rule on the verification of the legal basis.
is Mr Cohn-Bendit, I am against nuclear weapons, but I cannot understand why Israel is allowed possess to an atom bomb whereas Iran Like not.
That is of benefit both to European taxpayers, who better obtain value for money, and to the innumerable that companies are now being given opportunity to the compete for contracts throughout the EU.
is the real reason no why progress was made with Agenda 2000, except for another postponement of the That debate!
I like should to start with Mr Goepel's report.
it not is enough for this greater Europe just to expand geographically the to east and the However, south.
in Thirdly, order to most assemble recent knowledge and the experience, Commission organised a seminar drinking on water in October 2003.
at Even this early stage, aims it to send the what Commission is positive a for message our farmers, pending receipt of the legislative text.
What crucial is is primary purpose the of the audiovisual mass medium in which content for education information, and purposes entertainment is produced and subject complied to responsibility editorial and then broadcast to public the general and transmitted via electronic networks, which means that these are clearly distinguished from the other services of the society information and in particular from covered by those the directive on electronic commerce.
Does the that fact it is joined and supported by countries other make the less confiscation serious in some ways?
You have said that it is possible not to vote again now the because composition the of House have may changed.
At a time the when must EU speak with out voice one in favour of globalisation with a human face, it is painfully obvious that the EU itself integration, lacks a common foreign policy, a strong budget and a services directive capable of boosting of the the economies new Member States.
I hope attitude this towards Turkey will change over time, and I hope this will Parliament a show commitment stronger to the goal of having Turkey in the EU soon.
With regard to this, should I like stress to that these IAs need to undertaken be as early as possible in order to minimise potential negative effects, and to take into the account greatest possible number institutional, of and economic civil stakeholders.
Such a unit is, in already fact, operational we intend although to strengthen it further.
Does affect it the labour market and social the rights of workers the in sector?
The DAPHNE Programme has been an essential instrument trying for to combat violence, but this it been has restricted by its budget.
economic reform the Hellenic Presidency has made good progress, notably reforming the Stability Pact to underlying deficits, target concluding the energy liberalisation adopting package the and much-needed pensions On directive.
In negotiations, these the European must Union be seen as a power in its own right and must be capable of its making voice heard without having unilateral imposed decisions upon it.
The thinks rapporteur that all of this is important, very food as will safety be improved and consumer choice will be and increased, consumers will more have information on what is in the they food eat.
I would be very glad indeed if it possible proved for them to give this common its line final by shape the time the Brussels Council begins.
Secondly, the Presidency is committed to giving the European Parliament an appropriate to opportunity its views express so that they available are to the Council when the Council a takes decision.
This crisis shaken has consumer confidence in food safety, and President Prodi stressed in his speech first as here President of the Commission how important food would safety be in the Commission's work programme.
However, I will be more than to happy react in writing to the question that you have just put.
With regard to Gibraltar, I like to would say to honourable Member the the that in Directive Regulation and adopted, relation in to the requirement on double-hull the vessels, transport of oil, heavy modernisation the of the fleet and other issues, it is stated very clearly: it is applicable in ports, all quays or anchorage areas in the European Union.
We also want see to sustainable a energy policy, greater energy efficiency establishment and the of academic and student networks.
Mr President, the decision is made.
That means that in our contacts with them - and you will find also the request to do something about it in the accession - partnerships we will continue to advocate an improvement that of situation make and available our programmes to closer come to that end.
is important to manage and this, the European Parliament resolution passed today in helps this It respect.
I the view as report one more of example how little real analysis has done been on the actual foundation this for hazardous monetary venture.
I would ask you keep to pressure the up when it comes to those issues are that important to us, such as marine safety.
Something be must done on an ambitious scale.
We avoid must those errors that are currently looming in relation to all petitions at costs.
in But that way we tend to reveal rather than resolve the democratic crisis EU. in the
to According statements by the US Government, the USA agreed with the temporarily EU suspend to the procedure to apply trade sanctions 'in to order provide EU the an opportunity to progress demonstrate on meaningful the approval of biotech products.'
Ecofin's report to Florence on what I would characterize as the the non-implementation of 1995 guidelines, following hard on the heels of the non-implementation of the 1994 guidelines, is a ritualistic, bland and passive in document face the of this pathetic factual record.
We are entering period a threatened of recession, if are we not already in recession.
country experienced This has a huge problem. refugee It has had two wars within its many borders, disasters, and now it is afflicted by terrorism.
We do not into call question that they have been established, having to led the necessary and successful effort to diminish bring deficits, down inflation, interest rates, public debt and budget deficit.
It was roll-call a vote, so that is possible.
There agreements are the Council in of Europe about the level of rights human to be guaranteed in Europe at least.
efficiency and credibility of the Community in the negotiations depends on our doing The so.
I like would also thank to the rapporteur the and Commission, which I see has already undertaken to cooperate, for are if we to have training, we all have agree to on we what mean. must It be serious a not undertaking, and a formality, so the structures which our States are to certify as capable of performing training and to accredit the with necessary authorisation must be responsible centres whose professionalism proven is and consolidated.
In Romania, over 65% of said citizens they had no information about this.
As Mrs Langenhagen' s report stresses, we believe - and this is one its of special features compared the to GPS system - GALILEO that supply must a public signal, that is, a robust and signal precise cannot which be interrupted as a of result military issues, happens as in the case of GPS, and applications, sensitive whether they be public customs, judicial - investigation and so on - or private - such as banking transmissions.
This applies notably to the unstable provinces, southern where the of opium bulk is produced.
There were problems, however.
on But this point, we are discussing matters concerned with the decision making process, and I am to referring of unanimity questions majority versus votes.
I declare order the of business for week the adopted.
The third thing can we is learn that the European Union must be armed.
Until now, we have been excluded from majority the of this legislation.
in good illustration of this is that is it now three years since the Justice Ministers declared that it was appoint important to rapporteurs national to monitor trafficking A women.
The agency can be of none those things.
There are, however, a number of other provisions that to are be avoided.
Mr President, permission for a certain Community fleet to fish mm with 60 nets simply promotes the capture a of species, hake which fry, is basic to the survival and future of marine fauna in and the Adriatic, creates a threat serious other to Mediterranean So, species.
We remember barely that 106 years ago the Wright brothers made the world's first powered, controlled flight (although it for was barely 40 metres) in an aircraft. was It the beginning true of aviation.
As regards the to use which it is put, I believe that aid only compensates unpaid so-called costs in the with connection development and use of transport infrastructures.
It a is missed opportunity.
We have rules for chemicals in agriculture and for chemicals the in workplace. But there is no sense in these regulating areas - which are relatively easy to police - in isolation, when chemicals produce also their effects in leisure in activities, kindergartens and other in situations which are not by covered any rules.
this To Commission end, the must facilitate open an aimed debate at finding the right balance between ethical based inflexibility on refusal the exploit to the human body for commercial ends and the obligation to meet the need for medical treatment.
The activities the by proposed rapporteur - which already are a great advance on what we at have - present would cost the European Union 350 some million ECU per annum, an to equivalent 0.8 % of the CAP budget.
The central role the of Commission European the in process of evaluating the financial situation of Member States augurs well for the future because of cooperation, this protects it from the which instability would threaten it if the intergovernmental approach were chosen.
trade trade is essential an part of the relations between the Caribbean African, and Pacific (ACP) countries European and the Union. Secondly, the Cotonou Agreement has brought with it new the Economic Partnership Agreements, which are essentially Firstly, agreements.
Apart from the Commission’s study and other reports, I also have based my findings my on frequent visits to Turkey.
All environmental problems, or at least 80 % of the major are problems, some in way linked to energy.
During the process, we legislative will have to study ways of suitably dealing with this issue.
on week, the FYROM Parliament passed a resolution Srebrenica. Last
so Is it very difficult understand to that what is at is stake a collection of not crazy corporative demands but, more simply and dramatically, the future the and fate of of Europe, our institutions, and of the relationship of trust between us and our fellow citizens – a relationship that has worn thin very but can still be mended and revived?
It also, is unfortunately, evidence our that concerns about the rights human situation, the restrictions on the freedom the of press and the persecution of journalists than are more justified.
Therefore, it is important that growth and the competitiveness of the economic and social system always remain on a human scale.
also fully support the paragraphs the in motion calling for the Syrian authorities to that ensure are detainees not tortured in I prison.
I very much those support who have concern expressed at the EU to efforts expand EUROPOL's powers and competence.
countries do not fit the EMU Many corset.
was It not easy, nevertheless but we succeeded, in persuading UNESCO, in the nations of the world to stand side by side with us in order to preserve that which we hold all most dear.
Burundi. President, ladies gentlemen, and if there is one subject on which I think everything possible has been said and said so many times without any adequate action being taken, is it the situation in Mr
We should that make quite clear.
As have others said, should we be looking at equal rights for people who make contributions to such our societies.
This Paper Green will give civil society and legal professionals, in both current and Member future States, opportunity the to to contribute the debate, with a view to our presenting proposal a for a framework decision that we believe must be scheduled by the end of this year.
censorship Furthermore, the restricts free movement of services in Europe.
date, To there has the been possibility, albeit limited and on basis the of the correlation powers, of of exercising some autonomous economic policy, since draconian programmes consolidation of have not been international imposed by credit organizations or of associations regional integration. There also has been the possibility of concluding agreements bilateral which, to certain a extent, took of account the interests mutual of the participants.
tax. - The (DA) Danish Social Democratic Members of the European Parliament, Poul Rasmussen, Nyrup Thomsen, Britta Christel Schaldemose, Dan Jørgensen and Christensen, Ole have abstained from the on vote Mrs van den report Burg's reduced on rates of value added in writing.
The entire Yangtze valley and its tributaries have been flooded - a region in which million 380 people live, as many people in as live the European Union.
I would like take to this opportunity to how important reiterate is the role played the by social partners in the Neighbourhood Instrument.
I hope that the at vote in May, there be will broad support for the fact that our willingness to take a view critical of ourselves is precisely what our gives criticism and demands of the Council and Commission added strength and authority.
our In this view, clause is of great political importance regarding the decision to impose a transitional period granting for workers the from Member new States access to the labour market of the European Union.
However, must we understand perception their as settlement after settlement is built on the West that Bank Israel their denies right to enjoy viable a State.
need to think about a network of youth across clubs Community the to help keep young people out trouble of to and stop that gap between the they time leave school and parents their come We home.
It is worthwhile emphasising this point we because must the face that fact each time we draft new a regulation that makes agricultural production more and expensive reduces its efficiency, such as animal welfare regulations increase the which amount of fodder required to produce kg 1 of meat, are we not harming only the environment increased by CO2 emissions, but single every of measure sort this increases the number of people suffering from hunger.
Mr President, Mr Podestà spoke a moment ago about enormous the in surplus last year's European Union Budget: EUR 15 billion remained unspent.
As the Commissioner responsible for budget, the I have to respect the accepted regulations.
(Parliament adopted the text)
States Member who have previously supported a common market with rules common of play should not complain afterwards about the fact that the safeguards Commission its concrete realization.
This is, undoubtedly, a rather surprising effect of crisis the - MEPs arguments which put several forward years ago were rejected, spending and on housing was accepted only for the new Member States, while today, in the of light new economic financial and conditions, there is to consent the use of funds housing a for in highly specific context.
You emphatically very call for the procedures to be simplified, to allow Member States to draw funds more down and quickly more simply.
We also encourage need to states to provide accurate and official on statistics their use of the death penalty.
It is, however, precisely because of this that we believe financing this should have a place regular in the budget, and not should be provided calling by on the flexibility reserve.
The Walloon case to which Mrs Ries referred involved a identified site by Belgium as bathing a site.
It did not, however.
An upon attack the United an States, attack in Germany, an attack in Denmark, an in attack an Madrid, attack the in United or attempted Kingdom, attacks, are attacks upon every one single of us because we have common values.
You will recall this one of is series a of resolutions, the first of which was in 1981.
Therefore you have to down go in a lift the to ground floor and cross across the buildings outside inside and or get to lift and another go up there to from get one side the of building to another.
The vagueness persistent concerning the place accorded to human rights our in policies is reprehensible and counterproductive.
There are a number of issues key which I have raised which be must on that agenda.
That is why wish I to thank most warmly the various people have I spoken to within the Directorate-General for Taxation and Customs Union who have always responded to my every request and allowed to me these tackle subjects more easily.
Therefore, our conclusion is that there is a need for better information and cooperation; better this is something that Commissioner, you, are now also proposing.
In mid-June, this House's on Committee Petitions be will sending out an mission inquiry that will be looking into the complaints by Polish citizens who do not want to the see valley destroyed.
I also hope that will Turkey soon meet the European Parliament's with demands regard to democracy compliance with and international law, the if financial aid is to be unfrozen.
Acid rain from atmosphere, the together sulphur with and nitrogen have oxides, destroyed biodiversity in northern many European lakes. This has the been case in Sweden and elsewhere.
Secondly, using these new criteria, we also want to foster fairer competition between airports.
The Agency did job the extremely well and want I to pay tribute to again all who those have been responsible for that.
Additionally, is Ireland proposing a way in it which can escape from its isolation.
All these issues be must taken into consideration.
Finally, I also should like to take this to opportunity thank those whom with I have worked, including rapporteurs the for shadow the various groups whose constructive cooperation I have enjoyed.
I have read the article.
You have a very successful first presidency for Finland but you have done with it capacity a that does enormous credit to the tasks which you completed addressed.
The Council is essentially single-mindedly pursuing one target: control of inflation below 2 below %, 1 - % even below zero % perhaps - that forgetting there might be such a thing as a natural rate of inflation.
Moreover, it a has direct impact on what were responses civil problems to that generate organised insecurity: terrorism, crime, and so on. They had never been matters requiring a military response, but rather a civil one through the international police sphere and the judicial sphere.
By of means Regulation 1765/92/EEC, No the percentage for determined compulsory set-aside was 17.5 %.
Essex has 66, 000 overseas UK businesses and providing 590, 000 jobs.
It true is that there are eight items which are which hazardous are still covered, but intention the - is and that is provided for V by Annex of Regulation 259/93 - that those will be into introduced that in category due course.
We have done this after careful very consideration.
would I like to thank Neena Gill, the for rapporteur, having conveyed this message extremely much clearly, more than other I rapporteurs, must say.
Fourthly, the steel industry feels also that very it to is important have a research fund based on the ECSC model for the period after the ECSC in expires, order to promote the of dissemination technological innovations.
So I have would liked today, to both see the Commission, and also Council, the fully represented.
We need this support in our efforts to strengthen international cooperation on climate change.
Here, procedures of must course very be strict and every care must be taken to ensure there that is no illegal trafficking.
However, the rate of deduction at source must not so be high that discourages it saving or in results relocations of outside Europe.
This communication can be contested and legally also in terms of its which content is contrary the to directive.
For that reason aid measures focus should on the establishment of dismantling certified yards, where dismantling techniques the used comply Western with notions of safety and environmental acceptability.
If this sector were to apply certain measures aimed at the proper management of that non-industrial fishing, would help.
The change proposed will make the systems more effective, both in terms inputs of in and terms of and measured accountable outcomes.
This contribute should further to ensuring transparency and legal certainty.
Today, we see similar intentions the behind legislative in endeavours Kenya.
The will Union be working closely with Russia in many establish to ways the principle of the rule of law.
The financial crisis demonstrates yet how again much we rely on Russia, but also how much Russia relies the on international economy. The fact that the world has completely, changed compared 30 to years or 40 another ago, is reason why returning to cold-war tactics not is an option.
I therefore must warmly thank Parliament and you, Mr I President, and hope that, by the end of the year, can I return with draft texts that enable will us to significantly improve the situation with regard to right the of asylum in Europe.
It also is important that the common fisheries policy should take account the of amendment made in the Treaty of highlight Amsterdam and the potential that flows their from situation. This particularly applies to Portugal, its with outermost regions, the and Azores Madeira, but also to the and French Spanish outermost regions.
The European Parliament, its in work chaired by Vice-President Pacheco Pereira, has been delighted with the shown courage by the Timorese people the to whole world.
The democratic leader opposition Sam Rainsy has now gone into hiding, accused of plotting to bring down the government.
This region is not only the world's largest transit point the for trade gas in and oil.
A new world is order coming being into – in not ten years’ time, but now!
The Commission is right evaluating now whether the twin-track approach agreed in updated 2008 should be following the entry into force the of Lisbon Treaty.
In this respect, I much welcome very the ‘Marshall Plan’ recommended as by Mr Barón Crespo.
It would not hurt 14 the either if, in Feira, they were to publicly retract the statement made they on 31 January 2000, contrary the to about law, one Member and State, if were they to this rectify mistake.
is of one those countries in the EU which has some of the longest Sweden transport distances.
therefore We support the amendments two requested in addition to the valid amendments by presented the Commission, particularly the reimbursement benefits of in kind provided under sickness and maternity insurance.
I believe that market-led coordination will not work.
This attitude, which reflects the savage most form of capitalism and which I cannot accept, has 3 100 thrown workers their and families on the streets.
Strict can standards prescribed be for new plants since the new can technology be used here.
means - and here I am addressing in particular those who are not familiar this with - jargon that quotas be can This modified.
1.
immediate The release San of Aung Suu Kyi would be a start for talks with the authorities Burma in on democracy and improvements in the human rights situation in that country.
They are victims they and suffer.
Unlike Karas, Mr I take the view the that Growth Stability and Pact deserves to be a matter of controversy.
I will check on this and let you the know reasons for our appointments.
(Mixed What reactions) Mr Santer is going do to about...
is an point important that the EU will continue emphasise to to all of the relevant dialogue This partners.
Local elected representatives seem to have been their preferred target, in last the few months.
as say I and not as I do' could be new the European 'Do motto.
That is why, you as know, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament has requested that a draft framework directive on services of general be interest looked into.
(vote) and equity in European education and training Efficiency systems
For liberals as such ourselves, task no is more than important that of unifying Europe.
In order to prevent risk the of this happening, we should avoid any reference making to abortion or reproductive rights in our documents.
It would been have desirable, the for honour of the Commission, for Mr Fischler to resign his from post.
There are many examples of this.
Europe is going through its worst economic crisis the since Second World War. Jobs are being lost, unemployment rising is there are and record in deficits our public finances.
debate The in the Committee Legal on Affairs focused on a number of points.
In Parliament turn, approved 29 at amendments first reading which, I think, improved the proposal Commission and most of which, I should point out, were subsequently adopted by the which Council, took a constructive stance.
I this think was a mistake.
Sustainable urban mobility therefore is a key element to goals achieve our with respect to climate change, economic and growth road safety.
Our level current of knowledge indicates that are there no levels of radiation that can be as classified harmless with absolute any degree of certainty.
In this connection, can I only wonder at the exaggerated amount attention of being paid to of the interests the least-developed countries.
Mr President, our document calls the on European Union to a commitment give to the making Southern Caucasus at forefront the of promoting peace, stability and economic development.
His report is which one largely and strengthens supplements the Commission's in efforts sector a which is vitally important for the future.
The EU advertises in itself terms of greater democracy, transparency greater and EU an the for citizens, but the truth is that the EU is opposite: the the more the EU, less democracy, the less transparency, less the responsibility - but the citizens are far too away to find that out.
For those who were there Amsterdam at and Nice, the Brussels is all summit about .
We are assessing situation the in to order identify most the suitable instruments, multilateral the including World Trade Organisation and our bilateral relations with China.
Unfortunately, both Republican and presidential Democrat candidates in USA the argue for from withdrawing which Iraq, irresponsibly will leave the country in a devastating situation.
I upon call the Council and the to Parliament Commission involve in the debate more than it has been so far, rather than confronting with us ready-made concepts.
It precisely is because we cannot that know we must ban legal weapons as well as illegal weapons.
Smoking in places public must be banned.
However, our in view, there is an essential between difference the aim of control merger and combating of violations cartel rules.
You right are that there is not much point in with this dealing item on the agenda as planned if the Council is not present.
We just two are years away from the commencement of new negotiations on the further liberalization the world of market.
Kazakhstan. cannot be denied that there has been a crackdown on non-governmental media and opposition in It
Madam President, Sudan has been ruled for many now years by founded regimes on a combination of military Arab force, pride and national a conservative interpretation of Islam.
Although would I be called a in in 'townie' Britain, and despite the fact that represent I a mainly urban constituency, I have good reason support to forestry's future.
Thank you for the taking question.
This would have a positive effect in of terms promoting more a approach natural to livestock rearing because would it associated be with the production of fodder.
At the same 1% time of the population owns more than 15% of the available wealth in Europe.
Their signatures not only obligated them vis-à-vis their European but also partners, a constituted signal to the citizens of own their states and a promise that they would abide by the Charter.
Last a week, of delegation the Committee Regional on Policy, Transport and Tourism, which I had the pleasure chairing, of two visited long with tunnels two-way traffic in the Alps.
Mugabe's cohorts there gorge themselves, live a life of luxury and are rolling in money, and at the same live time others in streets the in or hovels, from which are they now still being evicted.
This is very important.
The European Union has adopted a policy, in particular the in statement made on September 8 2000, this and policy, I would reiterate, urges the transitional Government to enter into immediate with dialogue the current - authorities mentioned I Somaliland and earlier Puntland - in order to avoid losing momentum the by created Arta the process, in line with the resolutions made at the Summit of East Heads of African State.
this delay is due irrelevant to discussions which are not so much concerned with the content of the proposal as with the form any by Community involvement should the Unfortunately take.
I will quote once this again because this precisely is is at what issue Article 1a the of regulation provides that: "Officials shall be entitled to equal under treatment these Staff Regulations without reference, direct or to indirect, race, political, or philosophical religious beliefs, sex or sexual orientation, without prejudice to the relevant provisions requiring specific a marital status' . here.
NCBs. question was asked about how to the link policies of the ECB to the policies the of A
He wants high-quality employment and flexibility in the market.
My question to the Council, Mr therefore: President-in-Office, is is not it time we prepared ourselves for that?
On the subject a of possible legislative Council, have I nothing to add to what I told you when we were examining the report Poos last October.
Provisions already covered existing by legislation can in general be deleted; for provisions instance, door-step on selling.
Primarily, we call attention emphatically to the improvement of the labour market opportunities of social groups with various disadvantages.
Reforestation, example, should take the form of restoring the biodiversity forest that was if damaged, not totally destroyed, in the fires this for summer.
So, Commissioner, I am very glad that you present were at the People's European Party group's hearing, that and collaboration between and environmentalists your department has extraordinarily developed in well the last few years.
Muslims. this presents a danger to Christians, all Jews and However,
Innovation is the word key here I and unreservedly endorse the top runner principle Amendment in 96.
I have four points to make on this subject.
All of these are legislative acts currently under review a with view to further the approximating Member legislation States' in this in area order to make it more complete and efficient.
The euro is to here stay.
Let us use the sensitivity and the justified concerns and of fears the public enter to into dialogue a with them, answers provide and explain, and let not us just make speeches complimentary here.
Commissioner This of all people, is who to be responsible for customs duties and tax, is so not very about particular money.
come, I then, my to third point, which the Commissioner perhaps takes rather a different view of.
routes Which individual Member States within choose significant specialist areas of politics must be determined through national democratic and not processes imposed from above.
As I previously, said we carried such out a review earlier this year.
Sensitive areas are being removed from the directive, so that it is left judges to public to services liberalise and make them subject the to market.
We are people the who buy and sell almost the all things they want to buy and sell.
That criterion is already in laid 94/12/EEC. down Directive Secondly, we cannot accept Amendments Nos 42, 11, 43, 45, 46, 47, 50, 51, 52, 59 62 and because they specify measures which have been not shown to be economically efficient in the first of phase the Auto/Oil programme.
After and all, fighting prosecuting crimes environmental is not a priority for many Member States.
Its a for gradual reduction over a period time of of that subsidy make and sense, it is time the Council and the Commission started talking about proposals this issue.
As know, you oral amendments cannot be put during voting.
How far have we got?
I congratulate rapporteur the for his handling this of report three through readings and lengthy with negotiations the Council in the conciliation process.
In this respect, we must encourage between Member cooperation States.
We topped have up funds the for this, leaving nothing in the reserves, but, at there ground level, is no and administration decentralisation the to which you referred does not work either.
(EL) Mr President, a few days ago, Gruevski's Mr government early announced elections.
I Finally, should point out that is the USA applying death the penalty en in masse Afghanistan without even any judgements from their own courts.
Now, moreover, we are seeing its shortcomings for, this year, we had use to the flexibility mechanism for heading-2, other, aid.
This is a major flaw in Oostlander the report.
We have abandon to the emphasis on domestic action.
This is the result low of taxation rates for the which wealthy, the report does not, of course, question.
This was also concluded both by the Council the and European Council several on occasions.
that, Coupled with it is intended that the cooperative firms, alleged to be relics of the Communist command economy, should have the ground from cut under their feet new by directives to designed improve efficiency.
The of the provision Regulation stipulates that the application should be no submitted than later ten weeks after the disaster takes place and the value total of the must losses be given, which helps to classify the type of disaster.
If and the Commission President the Commission work well with the rest this of House, then we together, will, have the success that we need.
limited the liquidity, stricter lending policy and capital restrictions of the banks, the European Investment came Bank to rescue the of many endangered and investments Given projects.
Mr President, I totally am not convinced with the answer you just gave.
We have made number a of and proposals I satisfied am that when these are proposals into put place we have will the met Member States' concerns in relation to this and also, of course, taken account consumer of concerns.
I can also reassure Mrs Günther that we have already taken ensure steps to that the task force negotiations can be enlarged at any time should the formal negotiations with Malta actually begin.
This has already been done.
On behalf of the Commission, I welcome the resolution on early diagnosis care and early of HIV/AIDS fully and endorse and support the principle of breaking down barriers to testing, treatment HIV and care.
of President the Commission. (PT) Mr President, Prime Minister, honourable Members, I like of should first all to extend a special very greeting to the Prime Portugal Minister of at the start of the Portuguese Presidency.
We are taking our eye off the ball again.
However, should there be a time placed limit on this, as entire the process reform may be greatly delayed through the apathy of some Member States, which would not have only a negative effect payments on these from funds, but would also contribute to a confused environment legal in individual Member States.
To up, sum we believe that the ball is in now the Croatian court.
First of in all the Council, which has yet not made its decision.
It is a radical of change perspective.
While there should be restrictions no on exchange on the basis of bank secrecy or domestic tax interest requirements, respect for taxpayers' and rights confidentiality strict of information must exchanged apply.
In there Italy, is discrimination against the disabled sick and are who over 65 years who old, are not entitled to an and allowance, the sick who are less 65 than old, years who are entitled to an allowance.
It is the right course follow to for be progress to made at European level.
Constanza. branch to the of north this axis will go, via Curtici and Brasov, Bucharest to and A
We shall never be able compete to with starvation the wages and union rights the of countries of the third world Eastern and Europe.
have I received a request for topical a urgent and on debate the Council's proposal to change the legal basis for the European Parliament and Council regulation amending Regulation (?EC) No on 218/92 administrative cooperation the in field of taxation indirect (VAT) [C5-0103/2002 - 2000/0147(COD)].
I with agree the Commission that the purpose of the is extension not to only give businesses the necessary certainty, legal but also to allow further evaluation of the appropriate level of standard the VAT rate at EU level.
The importance of Millennium Development Goal 5 all is the greater in as much as successful its implementation does not cost very much in monetary terms.
Summer would tourism not alone be able to maintain permanently life along our coastlines.
There is no virtually gain for the environment in this scheme.
A reason for key is this that I think the report wholeheartedly accepts the EU's electricity and liberalisation gas directives.
Parliament adopted the resolution legislative
I must point out that the minimum standards for access transport to networks are absolutely crucial.
Everywhere, there still are shocking deficiencies: safety in air and traffic control, on the railways, in the maritime and sector, in road transport.
it When comes to the content actual of report, the I do not that think the consequences globalisation of for women should be dealt with on the basis of the made demands by an population ageing upon the EU.
Could this be seen a as lack of objectivity for the of sake political correctness?
The agreed Commissioner-designate with initiative, the and promised to create a uniform Code Conduct of pertaining to sectors all of transport.
In this context, I would to like say that for demand professional competence a whole in range of areas and activities grow will with the development of modern new technologies and the establishment of higher quality and safety standards, thus creating a requirement the for more goal-oriented of young training people.
Involving these segments new in the labour market will be indispensable for sustainable development and for the attaining 70% legal employment rate.
I am very pleased, to therefore, join so many friends tonight who have my been partners in discussion for what seems an like extremely long time.
This is a not figure out plucked of the air: it is an attempt to an provide assessment honest of what our actually rhetoric means.
Nevertheless, Mr Alavanos, the is also Council aware the that total amount of resources made available to appropriate the international organisations in Kosovo not does the match desired amount, in terms of what the various Member have States been able to raise, and this limited has the real ability of these organisations act to on the ground.
Millions of Muslim families about worry losing their young to religious political and extremism.
Indeed, this is correct the procedure to according the ground rules of the Stability and Growth Pact, and itself is a type of solidarity.
The year began for me in South Africa, where was I for working the Truth Reconciliation and Commission which had been investigating legacy of the apartheid, and I would not want to inequality, see or racism discrimination on anything the like same scale ever again anywhere.
A straight courageously answer from the Commissioner the Minister and is expected and will be much and appreciated very helpful to us.
The question ageing of is now, as you will see, the element basic in the general orientations economic of policy and the guidelines of the for strategy specific employment, with targets.
If trade global is banned, not then stocks of bluefin tuna will the collapse, fisheries sector will go under then and no one will be entitled to compensation.
(NL) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, rapporteurs our have worked hard very on agreement an that deserves our support, primarily because it seeks to achieve environmental ambitious and health objectives but also because it remains agriculturally-economically rational, means which it an has for the eye both certainty of supply food and the viability of in farming the Union.
Tomorrow, will we have the informal summit.
The possibility of a yearly humanitarian revision of aid provisions is mentioned also in text, a the very important item that allows for a humanitarian based response on funding adequate to the needs.
They act as bridge a between the citizens and the authorities, a as catalyst for European public opinion and as support for civil to take society action and for broader participation.
The current system has been in operation since and 1995 was developed for up to 18 countries.
The competent and national regional authorities must also become aware of the risk delays that carrying in out the programmes may lead to an accumulation of payments that have to made end be at the of the planning period.
Madam President, thank you that for very helpful suggestion.
In giving greater priority public to investment, which fully I we support, must not however forget the other side of the coin: greater does public investment necessarily not mean increased deficit. We believe that the problem should resolved be by redirecting certain types of expenditure and keeping public under deficit control.
the Council not agree that we need move to swiftly, not on just poultry but sheep and pigmeat well, as to give consumers the same information and indeed to provide the same if traceability something should go Would wrong?
The advent of factories, railway and dams helped the country move forward.
Vice-President Tajani has stated that is industry at the heart of and Europe is indispensable for finding solutions to the of challenges our society today and in the future.
The EU is very successful at trade facilitating within the EU area and has made a considerable contribution the to countries' EU economic development.
. With regard energy to supplies from Russia, I come a from country that does have not the easiest relations of with Russia.
However, even that amount of money made has a big impact.
Mr President, I would like to draw attention to a matter which of is relevance direct to House, this namely the situation of near anarchy that exists around the to entrances the Tunnel Channel present at at the freight depot.
Commissioner, some of your proposals are along the right but lines, these parts of the proposals are not, in our opinion, thorough sufficiently and basically remain symbolic.
Let us not forget the fact that the if French Presidency to preferred let negotiations fail on fallacious the grounds that ‘no better deal is than a bad deal’, then it so did above all because it feared being faced with negative a referendum (despite the floods of propaganda and biased surveys, claimed which and still claim that the today, are people and hoping praying a for supranational Europe.
The Council has presidency now presented a compromise on the original proposals, which drop would all recording of sheep numbers individual until a such time as an electronic recording system is in place, and secondly introduce would compulsory electronic identification for and sheep goats from 1 2008, January to a subject Commission on report implementation by June 2006.
regard, In this we follow with great interest the case Coleman currently pending before the European Court of Justice.
This is topic the subject of constant discussion in Council, the not least with reference to the practical that decisions have we to take.
The has consequence been that President the of the United States has suspended Title 3, the most damaging title of this legislation, and that since the there understanding has been no action under Title 4.
Mr President, and ladies gentlemen, we postponed the vote on report this from yesterday to today because we were waiting for an official response from Council. the
However, although there has some been modest there progress, are still some conspicuous shortcomings.
that In case, will the get Irish taxpayers some, or all, of their money back?
We do not expect this to Christmas, happen before but still we do hope that it so that happens these children – whose right to a family is a priority, as is decreed by all the legislation force in at international level – can be reunited with their parents.
establishment The of the customs has union not unfortunately moved Turkey to cease its violations of human rights.
Meanwhile, in the we European Union are still unable to draw a up legislative document or adopt charter a which, as a Charter of Fundamental Rights, would be a binding document.
Every country within the EU has now rules the governing scrapping of cars.
and Finally, unsurprisingly, need I remind the Commissioner that similar very modes transport already exist in constituency my of Northamptonshire Blaby and where buses pioneered have been with great success do which just what the Murphy report recommends: low-floor buses which kneel let to people on and are off already a feature of our local travel and much welcomed by the users.
want I to stress that by continuing deny to role the of the opposition, the Iranian regime will be unable convince to us of its will to work for the good of the Iranian people.
Commission should therefore evaluate possibility the of merging agencies with overlapping or complementary The activities.
This certainly is the not end of the fight, to echo Mrs Lambert’s words.
I entirely with agree Mr Liikanen what said in a letter concerning Community customs, that Commission has the no choice but to on carry enforcing existing legislation. That is just as it should be.
The next is item the by report (A6-0230/2006) Mrs Eija-Riita Korhola, on behalf of the European Parliament delegation to the Conciliation Committee, the joint on text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on application the of provisions the of the on Convention Aarhus Access to Information, Public in Participation Decision-making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters to Community institutions and [PE-CONS 3614/2006 bodies – – C6-0156/2006 2003/0242COD)].
I would particularly ask you to this point consider again.
Why are we doing this?
There are still to hurdles be overcome, no doubt about that.
reflect European the Parliament's concerns and the advice to which the Commission will pay great in attention monitoring the implementation of the two They agreements.
(FR) in - Against the backdrop of globalisation the of finance, agriculture, migration and the market, the nations of Europe must form an alliance of civilisation with the countries of Central America. writing.
The people way get their information is today through television.
There also is talk of Israel waging a "preventative' war Syria. against
Secondly, we must also try to ensure that the Member States and Union the as whole a pursue jointly defined objectives.
I can well and appreciate support the Member's comments.
Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs therefore proposes that plenary support the Commission proposals but, at the same time, calls on the Commission to present a well before proposal the end of consolidating 2001, all the initiatives designed create to an area freedom, of security and justice on the basis of VI Title the of Treaty European on Union and Title IV of Treaty the establishing the European Community, in order citizens' to strengthen rights and fundamental The rights.
The on report action against payments late aims to improve the functioning of the internal to market, improve payment ethics, and support to the ability of small and medium-sized enterprises to pay.
Technical in advances recent years greatly have the improved efficiency of sustainable sources of energy, instead and of supporting giving and so much money the to European nuclear power industry, as Community the notoriously does, we should reinforce efforts to promote sustainable sources of energy.
The . gradual growth and development of maritime transport offers number a benefits, including of environmental ones.
Part of Hizbollah's the raison d'être is the by ongoing occupation Israel of the Shebaa farms.
President, Mr Mr ladies and Barroso, gentlemen, in session its today, the Commission approved the new SWIFT and agreement, did so by a large majority or even unanimously.
the Secondly, report means EU that the will into go yet another policy area which the June List considers to be a for matter Member States.
The will vote take place tomorrow at 11.00 a.m.
As much as I the share objective creating of a place where the public can learn about the major phases of European integration the since end of the Second World War, I nonetheless am surprised by relative the with approximation which the necessary and investments provisional costs running are quantified and concerned about the opacity of decision-making certain procedures.
we First, hope that you, Commissioner, will join and us the single market organising in Single another Market Forum before the of end where 2003 we can celebrate the entry of new ten countries to the internal market.
Surely the laws of gravity apply to facing people sideways, just they as do to people facing forwards.
This common was position shared by all the groups political in Afghanistan.
We that think we because have voted a by majority in the Council, everything is solved.
The replacement, reduction and refinement of tests animal are a question of civilisation.
The danger lights flashing, are if because the gaps are not closed the in coming weeks, we will serious face institutional, legislative and political obstacles to ending this round.
We think this that might have possible been if we had clearly seen principle the of reducing time with working that aim, by adopting limits on the duration of working periods not just in week but terms also in of terms days, months or years.
So I will not be to able support the idea of extending the one-year but period, we will return to this issue.
I should like, first of all, stress to that it is a shared asset.
successfully I introduced it in Belgium as the only country in Europe, and was it soon copied France. in
Brian (B5-0191/2004). on Crowley, behalf of the UEN Group, on respect for basic standards working in production the of sport products for the Olympic Games –
To advocate common learning in schools at a time when arguments nationalist are increasing seems to to me be courageous and worthy of our gratitude.
It is, therefore, the in spirit of that cooperation the Commission welcomes and this supports report.
As result, a I feel it is essential to develop legislation data on protection, and security freedom of expression.
Mr Commissioner, President, rapporteurs, a moment we ago, listened our to eccentric visionary, Mr Fatuzzo, who talked about the loss of the Doria and Andrea referred in who that connection to the captain' s fatigue.
- (PL) Mr President, this raises report two fundamental problems by the faced European Union.
That, is however, what this report is leading to, up even if Mrs says Sandbaek it is not.
Mr President, draftsperson as the of opinion Committee of the on Culture, Education, Youth, the Sport Media and the on Barcelona Process, I would like to communicate some of the concerns and suggestions which have been unanimously approved in committee.
Greek Socialist MEPs hope you will be The appointed.
Volunteers help also invigorate to and mobilise citizens from disadvantaged communities, for example in the European Volunteer Centre and in the European Forum, regards Youth as the principle of civil society, through and development by reviving and promoting traditions, originality and diversity of the regions.
I with agree you on and that, we are in fact working to set up, one including on a technical level.
Meanwhile we will have a given green light to barbarism in any of one a hundred trouble currently spots around the world.
The results even were more disappointing on the major issue of immigration.
transversal of group Commissioners has been set up, but can group this be more A proactive?
spite In this, of are there people in the country, including Klaus, President who constantly voice their doubts about membership, as EU well as doubts about the reason for the very existence of EU. the
This principle requires us to confront together the serious global problem of at drugs, every link in the chain; that to say, is production, distribution, consumption, money laundering, the chemical diversion of ingredients and arms sales.
deplore I that and I think my colleague, Mr Perry, would say the same.
morning's This debate gives me the hope, expressed by President Cox and Verheugen Commissioner that too, this prophecy come will true.
That is monologue, a not a dialogue.
In addition, pact a of confidence commits the Commission being to about serious-minded political planning.
The improvement of energy efficiency.
I cannot overemphasise importance the of this proposal.
Madam President, first of all, should I like congratulate Mrs Gröner to on her report which contains a number of very positive proposals.
I would Letelier. like to state that in only Chile one case has been prosecuted, involving a American North citizen, in connection with the assassination attempt against General Specifically,
We will, over the months, coming be giving consideration to whether or not we need to what we change are doing in the light of political recent changes in Georgia.
Telemessages, more properly or information networks, will form the basis for the information society; they are its highways.
It seems to me that this one example demonstrates why it is that crucial is taken care with regard to the EU’s agreements, fishing ensuring the that Union is helping to improve governance in third-country waters, but also addressing need the urgent on all to sides up step the of quality monitoring and enforcement.
We oppose the penalty death which have Taliban the applied and yet we import it club class in huge American transporters.
support We your initiative, Mr Frattini, of sending a letter to the EU Home Ministers Affairs asking them to out carry a careful check on the that controls exist regarding videogame violence.
The President of the Commission, Barroso, Mr spent an over negotiating hour with us on the details.
This budget reflects the fundamental orientation of the European institutions, responsible for facilitating the of activities large the capitalist groups, including the in areas which most are damaging society, to as such the redundancy plans which responsible are for the gravity of the unemployment situation and the spread of poverty.
These agreements, which still are very rough nonetheless and ready, deserve to be encouraged and, most especially, improved.
have I some reservations about of aspects the European but project, I am absolutely certain that those countries that wish to join should allowed to be join.
Thank you much, very Commissioner.
In a declaration issued in February, Parliament on called the Commission and the Member States to recognise this fight as a European public health priority.
If, however, government is action based on fear, the rights often are also the first to suffer.
At the same time, is it Community forgetting the Lisbon Programme, which had forecast the transformation of Europe into the competitive most region the in world.
The key to improving employment cannot be in found greater the labour-market flexibility for which he calls.
streets The of the Roma settlement from where the would parents like to their take children to kindergarten have never been gravelled, and road is paving not even in included the medium-term plans of the town.
the of expansion 'occupational' pension funds which provide a pension; contribution-based
To conclude on the report, Langen me allow thank to you once again for your valuable support which, I will enhance the believe, likelihood of early adoption by the Council.
To end, this I propose there that be set up a prestigious and independent committee of international experts to assess the situation together with the organisations international and to a implement series of urgent proposals initiatives for and food and health aid, acting planning immediately, for the future and putting all humanitarian our into weaponry the hands of the non-governmental organisations.
This proposal represents a significant step in terms of protecting the population’s and health environment, the as the amendments on the will table bring clear improvements in terms of the understanding, and monitoring quality control of bathing water.
What is more, drivers want to be protected overworking against and overtiredness, but they also want to get home quickly after a long trip.
Instruments based on the Community market should not be to confined the system of exchanging emission rights. We have to consider other systems and, as I author, am very in much of favour paragraph 27, which revives the of idea introducing a 'carbon' tax offset to a reduction in fossil fuel subsidies.
ask the Commission President to a take look at this Please issue.
am I naturally in favour of including Serbs, everyone, the being able to return home, and I in am favour of our welcoming the to Serbs our Community one day, but first of all we get must things clear here, which certainly involves emphasizing there that is place no for that country as long as it governed is by extremists and mass murderers.
We hope that a political for solution the Lebanese track can found be quickly, and we are ready assist to as best we with can to regard this track.
I not am interested in who did the study.
People who live in poverty have no energy to fight these deadly diseases nor and do the they have to money pay for drugs.
Although the extradition agreement allows of exemptions, grounds the for these are certainly not lack of mutual trust.
You almost get the that impression defective products are the general rule.
The vote will take place at tomorrow 11 a.m.
Mubarak. our parliamentary questions, the European Commission failed to add the topic to the at agenda the recent meeting summit Mr with Despite
Member of Commission. the - Mr President, I would very like much to thank Ms Hall for very a timely and important report.
(NL) Madam President, should I to like bring up a points few in this brief debate.
The way this matter is handled being is one I regard as irregular and unlawful.
The problem that it is does not cover anti-tank mines.
For several weeks, Guinea has the been scene of violent clashes during which free demonstrating citizens the in streets in the name of their political beliefs have been to subjected unprecedented violence.
The agreement these concluded between two countries in August 1939, known as the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, made a it foregone conclusion two that the socialist dictatorships would out a carry joint military attack on the other democratic nations of Europe.
What the Group European of People’s the Party (Christian Democrats) and European now Democrats wants is for this line to be dismantled.
is It incompatible with the goal of the European Commission Parliament, and the the Council for the Union to a be prominent global player with an increase inflation of barely 2.9%.
We wish to help minorities that are lost and have been hurt, but we will to not submit pernicious their domination.
As Mitchell Mr is probably at aware, its spring session in 2007 European the Council approved the of objectives the Union European regarding the reduction in gas greenhouse emissions by 2020.
It political is important that we have reached a agreement.
8.
That is something that would favour growth and increase flexibility.
In many countries foreign language tends to learning mean simply learning English.
from both points of view, I wish to that say I firmly believe that the repeated claim that a homosexual orientation is pre-programmed genetically is not exclusively Speaking true.
They mean more democracy and transparency.
As you the item know, has not been from removed the agenda but rather duration its has been reduced.
wished to I ask whether, especially regard with to the Assyrian people, especially and with regard to the Assyrian minority both Turkey in and in Iraq, the Council its will express concern to the authorities of these countries and in particular to the authorities in Ankara.
Was the reality such that only words "welcome, like request, reaffirm, expect" were appropriate?
It will set about locating confiscating and the profits made from criminal activities.
We have to be in a position that allows us to safeguard farmers' incomes, and to put market mechanisms into order place to in prevent and avert such price volatility as we are currently seeing.
me to cite one from example Hungary to illustrate my Allow point.
In fact, based on the premise that such controls in exist the fifteen Member States, the Commission has that found are there differences in application.
I would like share some to facts with the House this evening.
me in read particular condition 24, in the which EU Russia 'asks to reaffirm commitments its to the territorial integrity of Georgia and Moldova and to withdraw its military Georgia forces from and Moldova in accordance with the request of sovereign these Let states'.
This is insufficient at the but moment, the will situation change again somewhat.
Community environmental law
I think that we should take far-reaching to steps these defeat diseases of civilisation.
In these cases, such people may use false documents as the only way to from imminent escape to threats their life or freedom.
Personally I think that difficulties these are an opportunity.
it But also mentions the transatlantic alliance and NATO, we which believe are cornerstones the of the EU's foreign security policy.
And Santer Mr told the truth with great sincerity: you are thinking about a Community corporation tax, a Community income tax, and - context in the of your fiscal folly - not why a green tax?
I voted in of favour the report Niebler as scientific and technological between cooperation the EU and is Russia a necessity.
We should involved be in the nominations ambassadors of and EUSRs.
author. (PL) Mr - President, this debate is of course in some senses a debate about the penalty death as such, I but do not want it to move in that direction, in because fact we should be discussing this specific situation.
This intelligent joint action is not just a question of or responsibility solidarity, as you said; rather, it is a question of the added value from that comes sharing a currency that not boil does just down to a monetary but union, which must also be an economic union, and where the only that tool we have had until available now - the Stability and Growth Pact is - insufficient, since it has never been a growth pact, and is it a pact has that permitted the not euro area to fulfil its potential.
being so, as for what happens about the problem created by the Greek by Government collecting all sewage this on sludge island, the is that not the European Union's business say to what should be done with this sewage That sludge.
I come will back to this point later on.
I do believe that we should really able be to the dimension take of employment into account, that and is possible without amending Treaties, the simply by adapting legislation, because the Treaties already set the Commission the task of monitoring the effects of these decisions on employment.
However, this trust is based on reciprocal obligations.
In of terms both nature and symbol, women Afghanistan in are totally deprived.
The gagging of the media the and defamation the of peaceful demonstrators are manifest further, evidence of communist the despotism of this government.
We have a particularly high regard for the way this, the world’s democracy, largest is through trying, legislation, to actively rectify the defects in observable its society.
has the community international contemplated forcing Sharon to do the same, his with being given a deadline for all when Israel’s of illegal in settlements the occupied territories must be When removed?
I agree with number a of colleagues who have sharply criticised the especially agreement, the for lack sufficient of nexus to human rights and liberties.
Over over and again, get letters I from members of the public pointing out ways in which, contrary the to official line, Beneš are decrees to this day being applied in cases in which compensation is outstanding.
By its this nature, initiative falls solely within the remit the of Commission.
Presidency's would have proposal involved a cut from EUR 42 billion direct of aid and market measures to EUR 35 billion in 2013, which, the for 15-nation Europe, would have a meant reduction of close to for 17% the common agricultural The policy alone.
The of services the Commission have invited been to participate in crisis the unit set up by Belgian the will This examine, among other aspects, possibilities the practical of using credits: either those remaining from the current programme expiring at the end 2006 of or those, constituting larger funds, available that will be available the under new programmes entering into force as 2007. from authorities.
B5-0350/2002, by Mrs Boumediene-Thiery and others, on behalf of group the of the Greens/European Free Alliance, the on case of Mr Riad al Turk the and human rights in situation Syria;
In my country own in 1979 we had 1200 British-flagged ships, today the total is less than 250.
a joint declaration with European the Parliament, special attention been has paid the to protection of animals during In transport.
Is that agreed?
As as far the legal basis is the Commission concerned, takes the view that Article 43 is appropriate.
I the agree those last few have words now been modified by of one the amendments accepted, we but we would like still to have a separate vote those on last few words of paragraph.
Amendment No 7, if adopted, would delete the paragraph, which in the case oral amendment would not stand because the paragraph it to have refers would been deleted.
As one of those who drafted the 2009 I budget, like would to thank Jutta Haug and László Surján for their sound preparatory work.
However, jobs in my region as well as in rest the of Europe are being because lost councils work do closely not together across borders.
Accordingly, is as becoming traditional on these occasions, my party will be abstaining.
As number a of speakers said, have already we are civil not servants - we represent the citizens of the four corners of European the Union, here at its centre.
many As speakers have the mentioned, EU has quite high a in profile the area of human rights, and that is both a and good a bad thing.
There is broad consensus that we need to make every effort to prevent the systematic organisation of illegal immigration.
I part-sessions. - am generally in favour of what is proposed for the 2009 calendar of in writing.
(Applause)
That is why we a need Paper White on transport policy which seeks to readjust of modes transport, to the improve Trans-European Networks, to eliminate points of congestion, promote to the railways, river short transport, sea haul shipping, to promote effective and less polluting transport, urban with the rationalisation of the use of the traditional car and the of promotion innovative research projects into clean fuels, and to improve the awareness and education of drivers.
This group of amendments may mark the beginning a of real change in cultural the current relationship between and debtor creditor.
That have would given less protection at greater costs.
Now, after the vote in plenary, the compromise has diminished overall the report, which contained and deeper more wide-ranging amendments on monitoring and developing forest prevention fire measures.
Europe. are fighting to ensure that there is a clear message that the dispute should in end a positive manner: a decisive dispute put to a stop to the downgrading of production Italy in the and weakening of industrial plant We throughout
it all, was British the Prime Minister who gave the light to green this misguided policy in 1998 and now he has promised significant elements of Britain's already armed over-stretched forces to fill any capability gaps given the complete of lack willingness the on part of other most European countries to upgrade their defence capabilities any in meaningful After way.
The will Commission explore the role national that bodies equality play could and may consider stricter requirements on Member States' reporting of measures combat to discrimination, implemented with from support the structural funds.
This means that current the legislation may not be to up date.
They up came with an text but, alternative I am sorry to say, the has Council never had the courtesy to inform Parliament of the new version of the text.
It is perhaps not by chance that the Conservative benches have emptied because that which is represented as market freedom no longer has anything common in with noble the principles of the market social economy which brought has so much prosperity to us in western here Europe over recent decades.
to I state wish clearly that a real vision of a contemporary and safe is Europe not possible without Ukraine.
I realize that, to pursuant Article 43, this amendment will not be successful unless it is up taken by the Commission.
They respond to the citizens’ concerns, as they focus on prosperity, solidarity and security.
You know that a has discussion been for underway some on time the question as whether to the Belgian act ports – as known the law’ ‘Major – is in accordance with the treaty on rules the free movement of services.
I Finally would like to stress there that is for potential increased cooperation with Zimbabwe, but this clearly will depend how on the situation develops there.
I could live with a in compromise the of form the year but I 2006, could not compromise any further on this point.
Mr President, I think the translation of Mr s Speroni' speech may not correct. have been entirely He appeared me to to be saying the complete opposite the regarding decision taken.
The third indent refers to a working document which, in meantime, the been has replaced by Mrs Randzio-Plath's and resolution, therefore must be it updated.
We still two have weeks to go.
is That why it wants to increase funding for measures the where European dimension can be seen, clearly as in creation the of pilot and projects preparatory actions in the areas education, of innovation training leading and towards a of Europe Knowledge, intended actions to improve multicultural integration, and to actions combat violence against women.
Capitalist restructuring will be even more disastrous workers for in poorer the countries.
Conference. work has already done been in this area by the Council of Europe, Unesco and, especially, the Francophone Excellent
In way we can explain to the representatives third of countries that Union's the European to accession the European Convention on Human Rights really does that mean our activities are subject to external as scrutiny, has been explained this here.
Another important proposal is set to up a compensation fund for of victims trafficking in human beings, which would be funded from confiscation ofcriminals' the from proceeds crime.
This strategy was the only of base compromise which it was possible reach to in the European Parliament and in the Committee on Agriculture particular, in Mr and Thomas deserves our greatest support for the effort which he has made bring to different sides the closer together.
time This the results the of European elections must be taken into account.
In addition, even if there are some relatively fees toll high – as, such example, for charged those for the Brenner – thousands and thousands of drivers not have been deterred from continuing to make use of the Brenner.
This is Committee why the on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism is working and will continue to work in weeks come to to ensure that the guidelines can be adopted the within current parliamentary term.
It has already the achieved gradual scrapping of oil single-hull tankers worldwide increased and compensation for victims hydrocarbon of pollution, and it has supplemented existing international regulations by introducing in stricter inspections Community ports, more effective of checks classification societies and more monitoring thorough of maritime traffic.
I am very pleased that you positive are about carrying out a study on children and how react to they children's advertisements.
technologies The that we are speaking about are critical to the success or failure of key European industries the into next century.
We must finally do away the with contradiction entitlement between legal and reality, legal which has unfortunately been in existence for 40 years.
18. concerns Amendment No It
Mr (FR) President, ladies and gentlemen, I like would to mention an aspect of importance the concerning discharge, namely the evaluation of actions through sampling.
The pre-accession helps aid the applicant naturally, but countries, it also lessens impact the of enlargement on the Union itself.
The arrived documents back much too late: sometimes three or four months.
It is difficult ask to for the impossible.
I these think are points also which we might for encourage, example in pilot projects.
would therefore like it if the European Commission devoted European a to year this type of I violence.
In presenting Agenda 2000 the expressed Commission its intention offer to a clear coherent and vision for European the Union as it enters new the millennium.
Nonetheless, I disagree the with made claim Mr by Santer, albeit a more limited one, that the is euro protecting us from financial instability.
we disappointment note because the report does not make a direct clear and reference to mandatory/compulsory sharing; burden
It is unfortunate that a number of group's my amendments this to report did pass, not though the report goes itself some way to raising standards and I was glad to support it.
House. had a very useful in meeting with Ghana the Speaker of the parliament and the to Clerk the We
Helsinki. now us try to do that on a pan-European basis, and that is also why together we, with the Commission, are in the process of the preparing next pan-European transport conference next in year Let

They insecurity; fear they fear that these objectives not will be in achieved their day-to-day lives.
with Faced an such situation internal in Belarus, where all roads to a becoming critical, conscious and free have citizen long been blocked, the EHU is becoming not just an island free of Belarusian thought, but also a breeding ground for future Belarusian leaders.
This is, in my view, important very in the of face this tremendously dangerous threat.
The Bureau a tabled proposal for decision to plenary.
control the arrangements in the Member States is to central ensuring the correct use of Union Improving funds.
I not shall on dwell the achievements positive of Amsterdam - others have already done so, in excessively some cases.
We will come them back to in the debate that is to follow.
My warmest thanks go to him accordingly.
You can ask the question again if you wish.
An and efficient open ENP provide can multiple incentives for boosting economic, legal and social reforms in countries EU. bordering the
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, I, beg too, must forgiveness Mr of Rocard by focusing on one issue Palestine. -
There will a be on debate the Middle East on Wednesday.
The whole of this demonstrates debate that there a is relationship dialectical between humanitarian aid, which the European Union mobilises in order to deal with emergency situations resulting from all of types disaster, and the aid which is regularly granted a with to view development promoting the of a particular region or country.
In several speeches, questions about social a Europe arose.
Many shortcomings, the of spending lack the and fact that 80% of commitment appropriations the are sometimes not spent, are due to organisational an structure is which inadequate, not sufficiently in decentralised the various countries relevant and guided by a of form regulation does which too little examining after the event and is too bureaucratic before the event.
It is this model which characterizes free our and democratic societies, giving them a place special in the worldwide concert of nations.
(EL) Madam President, Commissioner, at a time politically, when, the fundamental principles cohesion of and solidarity in EU the are under attack all sides, on especially from neo-nationalist movements, and all we know who they are, Commission the should, in my opinion, make its it to daily task crush anyone who attacks the symbols European of political unification.
I have also it heard within the Council.
There are plans to double its capacity 1997, in which will create an additional 900 jobs.
But soft a landing does seem possible.
These young journalists were totally at amazed deep the many concerns of us have about aspects all of childcare in Romania.
also We the reject assertion that the did West nothing to bring about change in what then was the Soviet-ruled part of Europe.
We will devote particular attention to the debate and to decision the that will be adopted by but Parliament, I believe to that, begin with, agency the certainly can must and have geographical competence inside the Member States.
2001. propose: that in approving the European Union's budget for 2005, we must find funds to broadcast radio, perhaps also television programmes in Belorussian Russian, which and could be compiled the with help of Belorussian journalists [...] and broadcast could be from neighbouring the states Lithuania - Poland - and was as done until I
In my we opinion, must support the accession aspirations of the Former Yugoslav Republic because Macedonia, of the country undoubtedly belongs to the European, Western cultural and, background in months recent and years, has made progress in numerous areas.
Unlike Mr Haarder, I do not this think need for reform means that enlargement will be up held - far from it.
Development aid is efficient compared with what?
Human rights will be continue to an important difficult and in issue our relations with Uzbekistan, but the believes Commission engagement that is the best way to promote positive developments.
then, cannot Mrs Fouque's vote be accepted Why today?
(ES) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, over next the months few will we be entering into a full debate on the new common agricultural policy (CAP).
I would particularly emphasise the to need incorporate social and environmental privileges and plant health standards which accompany need to the opening of the markets.
Dialogue must therefore be only commenced, if to bring about legal and political conditions in Belarus that encourage will the investment of EU capital in the country.
But the Chinese people are afraid.
Because the of addictive effect giving proves up very difficult.
we Of course, need strong European economic governance, but first we need to deal with the havoc by debt. caused this If we believe we that can resolve the problem by cutting simply back on public spending, then we are not facing up to reality.
What we cannot have Europe is paying so little attention and to education the education funds being for used other purposes.
This was not an issue for emerging before; economies two years ago the emerging economies would have that said climate was change not for them to deal with.
The vote in the Industry, on Committee Research Energy and and the debate have today demonstrated very impressive support for the ideas expressed in the report.
Young people, in particular, are especially hard by the hit current crisis.
For morning, the there proof is that I all attended of the roll-call votes and, for the evening, I had the privilege of chairing part of the sitting.
For the first time European the is Union providing financial support to its negotiation partners’ teams.
Regulation to seeks establish a solid and transparent legislative framework for the recognition financing and of European The political parties.
Parliament's approval will also be required all trade for agreements concluded.
two Parliament's groups great are very much as one in this demand, and I grateful am to group's our Gil Mr Robles his for to contribution the Napolitano report, and to our rapporteur for his Amendment No 21.
Commissioner, thank you for kind your response that, personally gives speaking, me great pleasure.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, allow first me all of compliment to Mr Mamère on his report.
And indeed it vital is to maintain and improve Europe's economic and competitive position and to its social maximise and cultural impact by enabling innovative services for benefit the of citizens.
I would to like thank the and Commission the rapporteur for addressing important this issue.
That is what has happened: the Constitution was not passed, because not Europe be ‘will made all at or according once, to a single plan’; the but important Growth Initiative launched, was because Europe ‘will be built through achievements concrete which first create a de facto solidarity.’
Imaginative measures be must found, which can be adapted to the diversity of the in situations different Member States and which respect the dignity of job seekers.
NTT DoCoMo earmarks 8.2 USD million to control unsolicited on e-mails mobile phones.
addition, overall, the replies College's to Court the of remarks Auditors' are once again inadequate and the remedial measures puts it forward too are vague and non-specific to the enable discharge authority adequately to determine whether the is College of capable improving in In future.
There are structural reasons, which have been recorded, age, such as training, seniority, and precarious and work, part-time in which mainly women are employed.
I would like to ask you whether the Commission has noticed that Russia has never created as difficulties regards supplying EU 'old' Member States with oil and gas, whereas Lithuania, with Latvia, Hungary and new other EU Member States, there been many have difficulties.
The powerlessness this Parliament and are the Commission demonstrating in this is case indecent: utterly either Europe succeeds in recovering a sense of itself, or else events like this condemn not Renault alone, but the inability of this Parliament and Europe to to respond the problems of the and workers the unemployed.
The consumer pays twice: he or pays she via tax the for aid and then pays the high artificially prices everyday for goods.
states have taken up this money to tune of the some £4m. the Irish to Republic the tune of £100 000 - yet the disgraceful attitude of London Government the is keep to this from the UK Other farmers.
very much Bangladesh's welcome willingness to allow our EP to Delegation South Asia into country the on a fact-finding I mission.
I welcome this even more since, this the year, European has Parliament demonstrated very convincingly its willingness and ability to the assert overriding interest, European especially with regard to the financial supervision package.
Now we saying are that is it simply humanitarian intervention.
That is very good news.
Until then, the trade sugar would normally continue on the same basis as trade in other agricultural produce.
I will just give you some which examples perhaps explain the why French are a little wary about on Europe this subject: the prices of postal services, transport, rail air transport and water transport, which have been given to over private have companies, increased exponentially.
Even - admitting as have I always done - that a reduction of the fleet is the essential, was proposal extreme and questionable highly scientifically.
EU – the fact that consumer organisations to are extensive obtain funding, without the report specifying relevant the amounts;
But question the of labour law and working is hours also important.
As this debate to draws a close, a number of primary have become evaluations clear.
As as far national forest programmes (NFPs) are concerned, while I fully support their I establishment, would draw attention to their shortcomings.
The new directive does not meet any the of relevant needs.
applies both in political terms with regard and to the provision of requisite the information on the aspects of established Community law and practice that be should taken into account in any settlement of the Cypriot This problem.
In my view, is that essential.
We have to be attentive.
We would prefer to on draw the for latter our amended proposal.
Soon at least Member eight States have will signed up to this Treaty.
I would like to that first underline the message to come from the Council was one of solidarity, and compassion readiness to provide humanitarian as as well technical assistance.
On the basis of the report requested from the and Commission, Presidency the Council will, at the latest by meeting its in June discuss the calendar 2009, for entry into operation of SIS II.
have heard those from who fought against the Franco dictatorship, who are present today and are to be commended, but there are others, dead, now who longer no have a voice and can no longer in participate political We dialogue.
Cyprus must speak with one voice.
You rely can us on in the Joint Parliamentary Assembly keep to raising this issue.
support the call for the human rights dimension to be clearly reflected the in of work FRONTEX, especially the right of a person to leave his her or country, the ban on refoulement and the right to seek We asylum.
It encouraging that these funds will have an emergency clause so that assistance can be given immediately in cases of is emergency.
(Applause)
The common objective and intention to develop the internal market nevertheless has remained unchanged.
they oppose proper assessments being made of cosmetics or the information service centralised which the Commissioner has rightly said will actually save industry Will money?
A second comment also drawn my from union why has background: ThyssenKrupp chosen to today take two apparently contradictory initiatives?
Again the on basis of the report, Commission European the will Council also called be to upon assess the progress made by the 10 accession countries in the and adoption application of the Community .
I would, however, urge that, by acting that in way, the is baby not out thrown with the bath and water, that it is well that understood one of causes the of failure on the part of the previous Commission has sometimes the been loss of notion the of public service.
To achieve this, it is crucial ensure to rapid implementation of pre-registration. will enable This the European Chemicals Agency to alert all manufacturers, importers consumers and at once if any new emerges knowledge regarding a substance.
This morning's also debate shows the other side of the coin.
Our group does, however, wish to express its to opposition unhindered the operation of what are termed market forces.
There is no absolutely other reason, than hypocrisy and defeatism, why we not should sign for this in resolution, not doing so we are achieving not anything at all justify that could taking this standpoint on a subject upon which there is such wide consensus from our public.
The rotation of the presidencies is most the democratic about thing the EU.

Now that ten million German or marks pounds sterling continent can the cross in a few milliseconds, the obstacles placed in the of way the free movement of human beings are becoming completely intolerable.
The Commission has clout enough to sort this out at a sufficiently early stage with our WTO around partners the world.
Where is this danger that hangs over Europe’s future?
order 186. to be to able pay out this money quickly, I simply need legal the basis in Article In
We shall the continue with debate on the reports by El Mr Khadraoui and Jarzembowski Mr on the transport sector.
It worries me it that says purely ‘no military solution’.
The bailout may allow to it limp on the until next time that its monetary policy needs to diverge those from of the rest of the eurozone.
order In to make EUR the 2.6 billion available, we what needed was referred to as a revision minor of the financial perspective.
The Commission has held out to the us prospect of things certain being in done response to these points.
Until the proposal for its new common organisation of markets tabled, the is sector will continue to almost have room for no manoeuvre when setting prices.
On the accession of Bulgaria to the EU 1 on January 2007, weaknesses remained in the of areas judicial and reform the against fight and corruption organised crime.
Mr President, I do really not we think need this.
The next item the is vote.
Mr President-in-Office, we have your heard remarks on the agenda, EU-US and, as member a of this US Parliament's Delegation, I can tell that you we have just returned from Washington, where had we meetings with members of the lot Congress, and a of our discussions obviously focused on the Helms-Burton legislation - legislation that is very damaging to European our interests.
At this time of crisis, financial we need clear legal guidelines Mr and, Barroso, need we the same wage for same work the at the same place, regardless of gender.
Moreover, let me a sound strong of warning the negative economic consequences that the sudden off breaking of customs can revenue have for such countries, since customs duties are often a vitally important source income their of state for budgets.
have We Regulation (EC) No 2061 from 2004.
I would suggest solution of a this type, incorporating 16 Amendment No by Mr Sterckx, which that means a there is revision process enables which us, if to necessary, a fixed introduce percentage if we see that the Member States are not making any progress with regard to this distribution and this that excess of flexibility makes this directive ineffective.
The third and last element is bloc, the implementing in other words the implementing regulations.
In conclusion, wish I to thank the rapporteur, Mr Moscovici.
I European believe that society sees as Nice total a failure and I also believe that this failure, amongst other things, led has to fact the that Ireland has voted in no the the referendum on Treaty of Nice, in the face the of idleness the of Irish Government, and also, this although time in positive terms, the fact that Mr Jospin, Prime Minister of France, and Schröder, Chancellor of Mr Germany, proposed something which seven or eight months ago they would have not dared to propose, that is, the future existence of European a Constitution.
The option third therefore seems to us be to based on realistic demands reflecting clearly-defined requirements.
I should mention that there are a quite of number such areas.
I fear a great deal of disappointment ahead lies for them.
I previous agree with speakers that we should not more be indulgent towards powerful countries like Russia and China.
The new standards amount to a significant improvement on international current standards under the SOLAS Convention. new These are standards being implemented already in northern European waters within the framework the of Stockholm Agreement.
It under was up discussion to the very last minute.
Everyone is coming this to forum with the 10% they want to I also have I 10% would like to change. change.
one No wants to introduce internal protection border within the Union.
My second point concerns the internal market.
The creation of a judicial European area and establishing a working party to the discuss idea full has my support.
Needless to say, the judiciary has its own to role play in this, but the government should make every show effort to the emphatic first signs of change as a matter of urgency.
After all, under international law, the do settlements not belong to the Israel. state of
are those states who wish to themselves see in the European Union, and there are those states that chosen have other goals for There themselves.
If there difficulties are in implementing the programmes operational of Member each State, then should these be overcome (including increasing by the Community co-financing rates).
If the demands made in Boumediene-Thiery the in report respect of of freedom movement for third-country nationals were be to met, this would have a far serious more impact than if we were to grant the citizens of candidate the countries in Central and Eastern Europe of movement freedom and without establishment, transitional a which period, is something no one in their right mind would consider.
This vital is if serious violations are to prevented be human and dignity is to be safeguarded.
New rules on textile labelling are proposed which will help avoid customers risk of buying the textile products which contain natural fur or leather.
that accept the EU is the world's largest donor of development I aid.
This needs to be because highlighted, many of members the public have gained impression the over years recent that it was all indeed about competition, not but about a social Europe, or that social Europe getting was on lost the way.
We feel very strongly about that.
Then we have the inaction by the British government, which chose to not impose any extra sanctions stopping people from on travelling, even though they knew they might cause trouble.
I to want tell that you we are to going take your ideas very seriously.
also I appreciate particularly the proposal made to amend financial the framework in order invest the to during next two years EUR 5 in billion developing the broadband infrastructure and connecting up Europe's power infrastructures.
However, we have to ensure that there is on follow-up these matters.
The problem is that answer the to drought the disaster in would Afghanistan be systematic, normal, broader-based development cooperation.
result The of the final vote (401 in 220 favour; 67 against; abstentions) shows how deeply divided MEPs are this on issue.
This must House make changes.
The substantial contribution the of Parliament to European Barcelona the Council therefore has not been to limited the specific sphere of economic reform, but has instead covered a wide range of different fields.
I doubt that will people accept such a policy.
So we have been very active on that.
I look forward working to closely with the German incoming Presidency I and like should to thank once again the Finnish Prime Minister, Mr Vanhanen, and his all team for their very serious, very and committed very energetic contribution to the Europe. progress of
The first and best solution is to open further the market Chinese to European exports of industrial and agricultural products and services and, at the time, to same mitigate aggressive Chinese exports of certain products, as textiles such today, tomorrow cars other or products.
I think that Mrs Karamanou is aware that, of because need the for division of labour between the donors, international task the of restoring health in care has Kosovo been entrusted to World the Health Organisation.
Qatar. next is item the continuation of the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the of meeting the World Trade Organisation in The
However, clearly it is just case one more on a continent such as Africa, where human rights are constantly violated.
However, this agreement is giving rise to serious which threats, are alarming and the public, the Commission of must, course, be aware of this.
The Informal Meeting be to held in Lahti 20 on October will provide another to raise opportunity some recurring such issues, as competitiveness, innovation, immigration and energy policy.
.
It a is totally incomprehensible law that says that priests, Orthodox and bishops patriarchs must be Turkish citizens.
fact, In there was such no risk. Existing European legislation governing the equal treatment of men and women only pertains to the sphere of work and is still lacking many in areas other which, we especially if compare it to the directive which we are discussing today with regard to racial discrimination, attention need as a matter of urgency.
Mr President, Prestige disaster the cast a harsh light on marine pollution.
With to regard the forthcoming institutional it reform, is desirable highly that Parliament's should voice better be heard, and that, in contrast to the former method, which was inadequate, extremely should reform be based on interinstitutional real dialogue, which something is perfectly expressed paragraphs in 8 and 12 of our resolution.
I also believe that, in full accordance with the principle of of subsidiarity – which you, in wholeheartedly fact, – approve the only thing we should ask of the is Commission it that create a legal framework for public services.

In its newly recast the form, does Members' position not guarantee what vital is in this negotiation: that there is not a repeat of restrictive the framework currently imposed by richer the countries of the in EU 2012 2013. and
Many consumers are not just that aware food GM is sold in Europe or simply fall into the trap of labels illegible and end up not knowing what they buy.
On the the contrary, prizes are increasing.
Mr may President, you I thank for your wise very interpretation of your new in powers allowing us to make explanations of vote even if we did put not our name down for this report?
The idea that every sheep be could recorded with 14-digit a number when it being is moved is completely ridiculous.
is important also to note that it is not only the European Parliament that prevents It road victims.
The leaders include Sweden, is which aiming for and 49%, Finland Portugal and with a goal of 38%.
There needs to be provision helping for people and into employment this be should reflected in the guidelines under point 3.3.
The possibility of appeal will be assured - administrative appeal and judicial appeal without - discrimination on the basis of or nationality for other any reason.
other Among things, Albertini Mr correctly points out that the of rail role transport, particularly in the transport of goods, is not properly appreciated and development its is neglected.
on Committee Culture and Education considers important it to put digitisation and catalogues European at the centre of the ‘Media 2007’ Our programme.
rapporteur. - (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first all of I would like to thank everyone their for comments and suggestions.
We been therefore accept the four amendments which have proposed.
Do you think who are those not working now are not wondering if their children are risk at being of tomorrow's victims of paedophiles?
The steering committee there says is still no functioning certified herd scheme, not in even Ireland. Northern
the Structural Funds, spending under is even starting to have structural In implications.
Europe. am delighted to say that Commission the is to ready take part preparing in the application of this the Article, and White Paper is an excellent precondition or step this in direction at the which, same time, does not prejudge but places sport at more the of centre cooperation both between countries and between sporting bodies in I
The debate is closed.
and finally, Mr President, when can in retailers border areas expect the VAT rates Thirdly to converge?
I abstained because the of abovementioned in contradictions the report.
I want to come to nub the the of issue here before us.
During the past five years of this mandate 10 million people from 15 all European Union Member States have over signed 6 500 petitions.
However, life is that not simple.
Firstly, there is a to reference nuclear power which is not directly connected to the s resolution' main purpose.
Mr President, look I to you as lawyer a to give guidance to the House, also and protect to our interests.
The international community must make Burmese the responsible for authorities well-being her and the Red Cross must gain access to her.
In the context what of we know about the countries that do collect batteries, that seems reasonable.
Mr I President, would ask you to quote the judgment from of the Court of Human Rights.
It the is ideal to country lead our urgent increasingly endeavours for Balkan and reconstruction already President Ahtisaari has contributed a deal great to this process.
If it is the that case these guidelines are intended to the reflect and objectives the European dimension of structural fund policy, and therefore if they really do programming specify priorities, then quite clearly they should too not be numerous.
Pro-democracy dissidents religious and are minorities journalists imprisoned, are intimidated into silence, the and we liberties take for here granted in Europe, such as an uncensored internet, simply do not exist.
This is intolerable an situation that and is the reason why we have spent the last few years hard working to ensure greater the safety on roads.
As far as Europe by Satellite is concerned, the Commission always has seen this as leading source a of interinstitutional information, it which will strive to in develop line with the budget provided.
Union. is therefore of major importance allowance that be made social in legislation for the fact that Sundays to are be maintained as days of rest within the European It
excessive nature of proposed the directive can illustrated be by the curious incomprehensible and opinion expressed by the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, which on one the hand supports the proposal as a whole in the name the of sacred slogan liberalisation of of the internal while aftermarket, on the other says it that 'the design abolition of protection contrary is to recognised internationally of principles intellectual protection and property would constitute a dangerous for precedent the protection of intellectual property rights in other areas as well at a time when the European Union has undertaken, in particular within the WTO, press to for the third acceptance by countries of a regime for protection intellectual property rights would put which an end to imitation and The counterfeiting'.
The competent have services me informed that tomorrow' s of list subjects will be rather lengthy.
That concludes the vote.
in Central the are Highlands suffering badly as well as the Catholic Hmong people and the Mennonite followers in the People country.
I congratulate you, and want to express my respect for you, on having constitutional got the project out of that the pack ice; showed that leadership, was a freestyle performance on thin ice.
Madam President, we as all know, technique this is deeply controversial.
But that and vitality growth are by achieved free encouraging enterprise, and initiative adopting the use of the new technologies.
We are conscious of fact, however, the that we cannot sit back indefinitely.
voted I this for initiative report by the European Parliament which calls on Member States to about the think of possibility scrapping legal retirement ages but which also outlines provides the broad a of policy enabling us to fight discrimination, against to lifelong set learning as a goal, to promote a reflection on new ways of organising work within businesses - particularly with a view to reducing stress.
The willingness so-called of the regime in Belgrade to talking start the to Albanians may beautiful sound in Moscow, but the is hard reality one of brutal repression and ethnic cleansing.
The European Laeken Council will, no doubt, or, at that least, seems most the likely road, appoint a assisted a president, by bureau made up of at least one of member each component of the convention assisted and by a secretariat.
Mr President, ladies Commissioner, gentlemen, and I should like to congratulate all of the rapporteurs and, in particular, Mr Galeote and Mr Berend, on precision the of their reports and the of quality their listening skills.
On the other hand, is also it necessary to ensure the in transparency the organisation and funding of this initiative, and the initiative must remain an expression of citizens themselves the rather than political or other groups.
The experience of various our presidencies and observing of successive the presidencies of other countries has taught me two things.
I would of first all address a comment to the rapporteur.
is This our obligation, and if those attacks and the the provocation intensify, Union and European the European Parliament will be obliged to stand by Columbia, to be with Columbia and to support a Columbia in with conflict Venezuela which, fear, I may soon begin.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, thank you for this very debate timely on a situation that deserves our all attention.
We come have a long way. A few points tricky remain under discussion, however.
In any we case, need make to it clear that more attention to needs be focused on small and medium-sized as enterprises the 'true' employers.
They are not only answer an crises to but also necessary to prevent crises in our globalised world.
Indeed, in the present climate where American enjoy airlines massive financial handouts, tax and breaks state it aid, grossly is unfair Europe's to expect airlines to survive, let alone compete, when they are currently compelled to pay for new increased security measures.
We would therefore make absolutely it clear that the right abortion to free cannot be presented to the countries candidate as a for criterion entry into the EU.
Finally, with regard the to transatlantic at Summit the of end this month, it is very important to demonstrate the will of both sides to once again our up take within responsibilities a multilateral context, at particularly time a when there are signs of hope in the Middle East peace process and an opportunity to work the for future of the United Nations.
A lot of endeavours good have been carried out.
Union. Mr a driving licence entitles the holder to move freely in a vehicle motor within the European President,
only the Commission, but Member States, too, must take measures to simplify the red tape involved with common the agricultural Not policy.
accordance with the regulation principles, better will the Commission work closely with the Member States during this transposition period in order to facilitate timely and correct dispositions uniform and In applications.
We now need large that majority.
In view of the unsatisfactory text produced by the Commission, the rapporteur has done a good job, but further action must not to be contributions limited to discussion.
It is a of matter urgency to bring this strategy of scapegoats to an end. Using for political immigration purposes is dangerous, and only serves to strengthen and lend credibility those to who a favour policy populist exclusion based on and xenophobia.
We are responsible for guaranteeing that the for conditions implementation its are with created the clarity, necessary effectiveness and speed.
I would like congratulate to Jean the Lambert, rapporteur on that report.
Tell and us, you will find support from us if are you transparent open and with us.
In the European Union do we not have a common language.
However, the budget authority last year approved 10 financial contributions from the EGF amounting, in total, to EUR 52 349 000, which just represents 10.5% of the maximum annual sum that be can used from this fund.
Strengthening of controls, border the position of Kaliningrad, attention nuclear to safety so and on and so forth. One thing we have not yet mentioned since Parliament's and guidelines since budget the was printed, is the disturbing development of all SARS over the world.
In the process, however, the advantages have lost been sight of to some extent.
How can accept carrying we out tests create to so-called ‘humane’ traps on animals themselves?
EU enlargement and the fate of a nation must not be to tied resolving a bilateral over dispute borders.
I should not, a in way, mind it if in Denmark we were to obtain reforms whereby future payments were better at reflecting the individual's responsibility the for common and good the costs whereby of social security arrangements were made clearer, is that to say through an in increase number the of earmarked contributions.
Support the for candidate countries is waning, several and Member States, leading politicians parties and are speaking of waiting or postponing on the that grounds 'we not are ready'.
No cannot I and, above all, I will not do so, for major reasons of principle.
That is quite a coup our when own procedures moreover, which, were basically established by the and Council the European Parliament, impose upon us facto de of timescales several between years the time when agreement the was and reached the time when it actually will be implemented.
is But the Hungarian Government at home?
What is civil society?
How rigid this system is that the Financial Perspective gives us?
An of example this, which was only quoted this summer, is the fact that even the Dutch Queen subsidies receives for creating an olive tree plantation in Italy.
the that fact the Commission can accept in in whole or part 85 of the 113 amendments shows our to willingness take on substantial board contributions Parliament's policy our and confidence that together we will be able to get this important programme off the ground as quickly as Indeed, possible.
I also point would that, out in accordance with Rule 13(1), a candidate must an obtain absolute majority of the cast votes in the first three in ballots order to be elected.
I am talking about even the most basic rights such as, example, for the right to be able to have a drink, to to be able a make telephone call, to be able to contact friends or relatives.
- (NL) I pleased am with the report by Graça Mr Moura, the and I rapporteur, am grateful to that him my amendments have been adopted.
I ask would this that be clarified and dealt with as as soon possible by the Bureau because means we this are entering the summer recess with a completely unclear situation with to regard the and delegations this must not in happen this Parliament.
the Is it Canadian courts or those in the European Union?
Nonetheless, there no guarantee is that this historic precedent will be repeated, whatever the efforts and safety valves.
Our intention is to consolidate European the air sector; in no way do we weaken intend to it.
do 13. I, for I applaud the fact that the Commission has been so quick in getting this proposal on the and table implementing Article So
Thank you for your comprehensive answer.
Our should concern be particularly focused on the most disadvantaged of our those citizens, who will, any without doubt, suffer the most the from effect of financial the turmoil.
Although are there still two regulations, there is only one fund, which means structural that intervention can be dealt properly the with in fisheries sector.
our On side the of Atlantic, of tens thousands demonstrators of in Athens, Rome, Berlin, Paris, Amsterdam, Prague, Barcelona, Stockholm, Istanbul and elsewhere raised their voices in protest against the warmongering plans the of American and European imperialists.
What we are discussing today implementing acts, are and this regulation does prejudge in not way any whether we should use delegated or implementing acts in the future.
It is for this reason intolerable that in future years the budget EU will cut in spending areas that affect quality the of life of its inhabitants, including in particular healthcare.
This is because, today, there are still genuine obstacles the to perfection of internal the market, obstacles genuine the to four freedoms down laid in the Treaty, precisely do because we not have a clear legal basis.
Luxembourg. has now confirmed, been once again, that the sessions of the European Parliament will be mainly in held Strasbourg, committee work will take place Brussels in and administration remain will in It
One important point in Pompidou the report relates to setting a up research programme exchange with the emerging economies.
I that hope report this by Parliament, especially if it is not watered down too much tomorrow, will help to you reconsider your social agenda.
Furthermore, historically, citizens of any country – and the UK in particular – who in times of war abroad and went fought their against own armed forces or allies their were indictable potentially for historically treason, capital a offence and even today a very serious offence.
I would just like to say with that, regard to the specific case China, of we must remember that, once this again, House that has stated is it not in favour of lifting the arms embargo in the current circumstances.
However, I two have reservations.
In 1948, it adopted International the Declaration on Rights. Human
What has happened, however, is technology that experimental has been used create to animal-human hybrids and chimeras.
Consumers often lack confidence because do they not know is what happening.
Not because believe, I like Mr Habsburg, von that support for government any which is moderate in matters of religion - whether we like it or not - is a good for thing curbing Islamic fundamentalism, but rather because in I believe openness and in capacity the of citizens who are ever more free to overcome such problems.
Allow me to begin with a phrase used by Mr Verhofstadt.
I thank Commissioner the for his response.
is reflected in the priorities contained the in draft Community strategic for guidelines 2007-2013, to seek which provide a balance between the twin objectives of the growth and jobs agenda and territorial This cohesion.
The Union European is fortunately a of staunch supporter the Criminal Court, but the United States its is most radical opponent.
any case, this the is direction propose I in my report the and one which in I hope a large majority of Parliament will follow In me.
These decisions have strong a the impact on lives of the people concerned and Member States, and they must therefore be in taken a way which is completely transparent.
There are calls for increased selfmedication in a countries, great many when health systems come under review.
It has been great a pleasure working with Javier Solana over the last five years.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, I to have again tell you, Mr Trakatellis, in the clearest terms is that there as yet no binding promise by the Bulgarian that government Blocks 3 and 4 will be decommissioned 2006; by there is, an rather, agreement that the decision on these decommissioning blocks will be taken earlier than Bulgarian the government originally planned.
Ladies and gentlemen, the achieving enormous task that be must accomplished over the next few years will only be possible if we capable prove of restoring the values that those inspired true who revolutionaries founded the European Community on the basis of two golden rules: the replacement with confrontation of agreement and compromise; and the promotion of dialogue as a means of achieving greater freedom and equality.
Concerning issue the red of tape, this will not create a new burden for because enterprises we are using existing administrative and statistical data.
have shown great resilience, Madam, and a deep understanding of the needs asylum of and of seekers the challenges faced by national You administrations.
The institutions have their part played to the over full because, and above the exemplary nature of those meetings, we are going to use this interinstitutional agreement to provide citizens our fellow with the practical needed resources to give effect Europe full to and to the powers it has terms in of development and solidarity.
(PL) Mr President, the reform of the market sugar is of those one whose reforms sense is very hard to explain to farmers the in European Union, including in farmers my country, Poland.
This adds up to a heavy for burden the peoples.
I like would to hear advocates the of an integrated Europe making as noise much as we hear opponents its doing.
Thank you very much, Seillier. Mrs
To do otherwise be would to fail in providing security for its citizens and that must be prime the concern of any government.
am I aware that this is subject a that has long been a area priority for the EU and, as such, I endorse the amendments tabled the by rapporteur.
Moreover, it is hoped that Jordan will act as a catalyst for scientific cooperation in its region.
At same the time he called on the authorities urgently Chinese to release protesters who peacefully had expressed their opinions.
Initial estimates to as the of number people who would benefit the from fund at the time of creation its have long been exceeded.
Does the Commission think there that will be never any be revision?
writing. in - (PT) I voted in of favour rejecting the Council common position as I consider it that does not the respect legitimate of rights workers.
other day, the which OECD, not, is of course, an environmental organisation, that pronounced 'All major global ecological indicators are The negative'.
The report which on we voted today, whose content I support, proposes improved coordination between Member the States' medical and services, social and the people those around suffering from Alzheimer's, such as healthcare relatives professionals, or private charities.
(HU) President, this gives me the opportunity to the explain two specific proposals that I Mr have.
I would also to like mention that further action is needed to support the development of technology, to streamline standardisation and certification work, for and the introduction of security in government use and better international cooperation.
You can therefore count on us to do whatever necessary is during all council of meetings the couple of next days and weeks.
- It is not countries that third are responsible for the closure of the businesses and loss of is jobs; it the EU, which at is head the of the to queue promote competition and liberalisation of trade international and which maintains the euro at a level that harms manufacturing and exporting, in as the case of footwear.
Clarity has been always an issue.
such Perhaps a evaluation new mechanism would help prevent some of the differences of opinion lack and of confidence in the current we system which are hearing not only in this Chamber but right across at Europe the present time.
National cover accounts environmental considerations based economic on performance and the creation of prosperity.
factor positive is the progress by achieved Europe since the Amsterdam Treaty was Another signed.
That is what you will in find new Framework the Programme: contributing elements greatly to structuring a European Research Area.
North Korea's action a is threat to regional stability it because might a trigger arms regional race, which is highly undesirable.
Everything shows, Madam President, that this parliamentary new institution set up in Maastricht the agreements, has started off in the right direction.
We should reassure them this from Chamber in the European Parliament in Strasbourg that we are in solidarity them with and with sympathise the victims, and that we hope that this flood destructive will recede as soon as possible.
That a is cause for concern.
A motion for a resolution was adopted and an question oral tabled in July along with relevant the for a motion resolution.
is it a matter of zero-sum games being played with agriculture in the or EU a spiralling dive fund to enlargement, we pass the of problem quotas maize in Agenda talks 2000 on to Finnish dairy When farmers.
In event any - and this could serve a as summary of the debate - we cannot restrict our cooperation with third countries to purely trade and economic issues.
Before - the vote:
Finally, we reached consensus a last week that this report should avoid the mentioning rumours regarding the secret activities of the CIA.
vote take will place on Thursday at 10.00 The a.m.
I And have no doubt that some in the day future will they be back again if the occasion arises.
We must make sure we that mainstream disabled that people; all takes legislation account of the specific of needs disabled people, whether they wheelchair are users, someone with a impairment, visual someone with a hearing impairment, someone with a learning difficulty, someone or with a mental health problem.
Madam President, as the honourable Member knows, all the industries and all the in elements the chain are obliged to label and indicate existence of the organisms genetically-modified in the composition of a product.
objective. have actions included even use the of certain instruments that have sparked certain a amount of public I of am, course, referring to the early warning system applied in Germany and Portugal, where I feel that, although we are not with happy the procedure - as and member a of Commission the I have this stated more on occasion than one - we are satisfied with the proposed Our debate.
Some Community producers are themselves partly outside producing Community. the
Villiers devoted of much her time to the opposing decision steer to the developments in the direction of having a single European Mrs supervisor.
This is a which debate looks to the the future, future the of European Union the and strengthening of its institutions and, in particular, the European Commission, whose central in role European construction cannot into be called question.
you Thank very much, Commissioner Vitorino.
Gbagbo. behalf of the Vice-President the of Commission/High of Representative the Union for Affairs Foreign and Security - Policy. Mr President, last the Monday, United Nations in operations Côte d'Ivoire and French troops Licorne proceeded to neutralise the heavy weaponry that was in concentrated hands the of former President Laurent on
We are not prepared to do so, for furthermore, the simple reason that they are that – we are – women without power.
Mr President, analysis an of the urban environment Europe in was undertaken in the excellent Commission Green Book of 1990, together with parameters the of a general approach at the European and we commented level, on that in my report in 1991.
I urge Members all to approve the directive by a 70% vote; it is time to liberate the potential of the sector, which ensures our from wellbeing, a bureaucratic and grip take a even firm, if a small, step forward.
am concerned, when however, I see that the text proposed gives further consideration to this which idea, threatens people's I freedoms.
Following the fall the of Taliban, there are signs nonetheless of improvement.
Mr President, I imagine that the of vast majority Members of this House have not noticed even the report Inglewood sitting so closely in the shadow of the two reports Corbett as it does.
According data given to in the 2009 report by the it EMCDDA, was shown that situation the has deteriorated, especially in relation to drugs such as and cocaine heroin, and to synthetic new drugs, and has it seen persistently high levels consumption of and a spiralling upward trend in this regard.
Mr as President, draftsman of the opinion Committee of the on Women’s Rights Gender and Equality the on guidelines for employment I policy, saddened am by absence the of our most original ideas in the final report presented the by Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
The Europe of Maastricht the Treaty - with its its rationale, working methods and policies its is - a machine to designed crush peoples and nations in a kind of historic, cultural, and social economic which revisionism, to seeks impose on the real Europe - rich the in culture of peoples its nations and - a single, reductive and destructive model.
have Sometimes I the impression being of in a religious community rather than a parliament.
The Council particularly the urged Cuban Government to release unconditionally all political prisoners, including those who were detained in 2003, and expressed we our concerns for prisoners the and health their condition.
That premise must be now called into question.
for As content, it is most important to consider the objectives in the major areas, the direction in which the European is Union going, and the fundamental role the citizens play in this development.
I suggest would in that some respects that is like waiting for Godot.
At the same time, resources public financial other than official development are assistance going to provided be to developing countries, in order to help among them, other things, to combat climate change.
is This particularly important, since the Council's strategy is heavily still marked by repression a and reluctance to accept responsibility.
cause One for particular concern is that some types of are inaccuracy year on repeated year, despite critical comments from the Court of Auditors the and European Parliament.
We are of one good Russia's customers, we pay for this pipeline through Ukraine, we our pay bills on time and we pay global prices for the gas.
Although not many people have heard this that remark, does not matter it is because well known that is this how we work.
The Commission's programme legislative good; is Mr Vitorino's are proposals good, they are clearly structured the in scoreboard, a timetable has been laid down for their application and we talk can about them and debate them.
Preventing the financing of terrorism and tracking clues such that may transactions leave behind can both prevent terrorist crimes and be important in the investigation of such crimes.
As far as the points that on extradition could be stated in agreement this are concerned, would I like draw to attention the to European Union' unchanging s position regarding cooperation with countries in which the penalty death is still in force.
Citizens must be to acquire able a full understanding of our activities.
call for immediate the of release Farai Maguwu and we appeal to European consider diplomacy to the option of adopting tough against sanctions the Harare regime in make to order it stop the maltreatment of human rights activists put and an end to the bloody slavery of the diamond We fields.
I believe that the regulatory authorities, as selected and by decided the Commission, especially the energy regulatory authorities, an play role important in their maintaining independence from the competition committee.
There can be disputing no the need adaptation for to comply with requirements the the of directive, a which introduces ban on conventional cages, but we should give all States Member the same amount of time to implement it.
Further with discussions Mrs Theato enabled us to reach a united, position, which compromise we hope be will endorsed in the Chamber this morning.
says EU is it to committed reforming the World Trade Organisation but a first place to start be would to reform the decision-making machinery of the EU The itself.
The timetable appointing for the must Commission be established without delay, but at the same time we must that we ensure to adhere objectives the Parliament has for reforming it.
Consequently, I earnestly hope that regard due will be paid to urban-related issues in all Community not policies, just in cohesion policy.
shares Commission the UN Security Council's call for states all in concerned, particular Zimbabwe and Rwanda, to conduct investigations and to take appropriate in measures relation to their nationals cited in the report, where the circumstances are The justified.
The proclamation of independence may therefore destabilisation cause in, say, and Bosnia which Herzegovina, from provinces settled by Serbs may wish to detach themselves.
I urge you to your discuss ideas, which are articulated in the with report, the expert group.
are We no longer competing country against country, but as Europeans, as because Europe, the other are players the size China, of India, the United States and emerging the countries.
That is why, Mr Pohjamo, I would like to express my sincere thanks to you for time the that you have for taken, your initiative drawing in this up report on the current management of Funds. Structural
Kingdom Government United has been left with no alternative than to take plasma products from sources paid to avoid United putting Kingdom citizens' lives at The risk.
We must create which conditions encourage self-starting and independent initiative.
France had undertaken reduce to its public spending and to make tax cuts.
Given the circumstances, a period two-year for the introduction of the proposed should actions not be necessary.
is It also important that the local ombudsman in Chechnya is seen be to carrying out his duties impartially and effectively.
Secondly, we a must make critical evaluation of what we already have created, and of the of effectiveness implementing the strategies we have adopted.
victims. day before yesterday, members seven of these communities were I am in possession details of the of the names and ages of the The murdered.
Mr Barroso, at the G8 summit, participants the their debated commitments to the neighbourhood policy the in Mediterranean.
Culture has not come out of the budget process as well as wished, it we but are doing better than rather the Council Ministers' proposal of and have figures close to the 1999 level.
I know that you share these and objectives, therefore hope that we can your count on support for this taking forward.
I would, however, to like stress certain aspects that of are concern to us; mainly the delay in the agreement United with the States.
For first the time, trade union movements have succeeded in bringing thousands of workers out into the streets: that is a sign that be should very taken seriously.
We had earnest, an detailed discussion which a reached number of conclusions.
Another free zone be could the fact that the Treaty Rome establishing International the Criminal Court to continues be treated by some countries, particularly the as United States, extremely insignificant.
question The is, and I with agree previous speakers here: have we learnt our lesson from this accident, we have understood finally that human error is always there, lying in ambush waiting to strike?
In 2009, the adopted Union Regulation (EC) No which 1060/2009 aims to the regulate activities of agencies to protect investors and European against financial markets the risk of malpractice.
The European Union has already achieved a in deal great this respect, but it needs to do even more.
If that is so, how the can Commission ensure a swift review of the case it took when 18 months to make any statement on the complaint?
That is is being developed what with, obviously, different levels of contribution from the various parties involved.
say that with decisions the of the European Council on the table I here.
The ad hoc tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda for have certainly served further to if demonstrate, that were possible, the need to up set this international criminal court.
Mr President, Mrs colleague, my Svensson, will speak on the subject of the Swedish Presidency.
For example, a cartoon connection the EU between Latin and America and Canada for training and developing cartoon a specialist.
I taken have all the measures available to to me help resolve matters.
I therefore think that Mr Basescu’s demand that chapters two should be reopened for negotiations is highly risky.
therefore I believe that close monitoring by the Parliament European - especially through Commissioner Ashton's statement - is absolutely necessary.
I hope that this will reply help the Member.
The Council also welcomed launch the of a strategic dialogue on Asia with the United States and Japan.
The implementation of the project, Nabucco the of construction liquefied gas terminals in European ports, investments in nuclear safer power boosting stations, efficiency and energy increasing the use of renewable energy must feature among the joint priority actions aimed at the increasing energy EU's security.
So 19. we be will supporting amendments 1, 2, 6, 18 and
President, Egypt has no tradition of Madam democracy.
Unfortunately, the information is not very specific.
They said that monetary union is a political project, the that integration involved in monetary union is and irreversible that monetary must be union followed by the next steps towards integration.
The United Kingdom Presidency has indicated that will give it these proposals a high priority, and this discussion on proposal commenced in Council the during July.
With regard to the local Madam elections, President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like highlight to the fact that Council the is encouraging to Algeria follow the path of democratization and respect to the next for date the - elections as you know these are local elections - which expected is to be 23 October, following the presidential elections of 1995, the revision of the constitution in 1996 and the elections general in June of this year.
must welcome very that support, wide because if it is confirmed Parliament by plenary in we shall be able to participate fully in the work currently being done by the Commission on drawing up a communication next for autumn on internal market strategy for century, the twenty-first and influence to that work to the I full.
was I struck by the contradiction in tone between the explanatory statement and the of content the resolution. They are radically different.
We support President Obama's to commitment engagement multilateral with the European Union.
Consequently, legislative this document does prevent not Member States adopting from shorter payment periods or harsher penalties.
With regard the to reference to the cultural economy new and technologies, should this also be included in the Lisbon and my report, view is that will we be able to these use bases to boost employment substantially.
I voted for the because Kaufmann report the of need to make clear it that the European Judicial a Network is necessity, since it has functioned effectively over the last ten years in conjunction with the system of judicial assistance.
Secondly, I like would to ask the Prime Minister to confirm that development Danish aid in 2002 is firstly the second highest amount Denmark's in history, and the secondly highest any amount that country has relative to provided that country's gross national product.
I cannot help wondering whether we should be not trying to solve quite different problems the there at present time, rather than helping build to two light water reactors.
We need to responsibilities assign to all the sectors involved in information communication and technologies in order to create a culture of security.
I can tell you the of facts the matter.
I therefore wish to limit legislative ambitions in future and slow down the process some to extent.
is highly important It to have absolutely transparent scrutiny of funds allocated to fight the against tuberculosis in order not to repeat Latvian the situation.
I feel that too, here on the eve of the conclusion of the Intergovernmental Conference in the Netherlands.
Commission's role The of counterbalancing the legislative bodies two is in itself an of element regulatory coherence and consistency, with its constant emphasis on the rationale behind proposed legislation.
of idea granting EU the its own tax competence – keyword the is the ‘Europe tax’ – is being The discussed.
Mr President, if is there anything this can Parliament do, with its long history of opposition the to death penalty, I implore you to do by so to writing the President of Pakistan appealing for clemency.
We have not yet been to able find a solution.
Conversion to other crops must be intensified and made more attractive.
We hope that the subject of human rights which mentioned you will the include codification, or at least an acknowledgement, of rights the of minorities and will not be confined to non-discrimination, for far as as minorities concerned are non-discrimination is certainly not enough.
During this debate it has at times difficult been to distinguish from heat light.
In the the emissions Netherlands, from 1990 until this year have increased by 8 %, while they should decrease 10 by % by year 2010. the
In order to curb the impunity complacency and that pervade this industry, I voted in favour of this report.
I quite could easily go on this like for a while fill and my 3 minutes very quickly.
Mr President, I agree with many of the raised points so far, so allow to me look at more two general which points believe I are relevant.
The Union has not only expertise the but also ability the become to the most efficient donor.
parties, for example, German the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology, claim that these - are and I quote 'non-critical - Some items'.
In years' eight tattoos time, become will illegal and hamsters our and guinea pigs will be welcome in all the States, Member and will it not be long before we have a budget heading for asylum-seeking animals.
now, as I recall, was it fact a of terrorism, albeit not of war, that children not were Until attacked.
I we believe all with agree the overriding overall and of priority a resumption of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations - not negotiations negotiations' for sake, but negotiations to achieve a peace deal and turn the page.
Mr allow President, me to all thank the esteemed Members of Parliament their for contributions.
At the beginning of his term in office, President made Medvedev a public to strengthen commitment the rule of law in Russia and raised concerns the over independence of and Russia's judiciary legal system.
We in Group the of the Alliance of and Liberals Democrats for Europe are to delighted have our here colleagues in the of form observers.
We have thus voted against the report in question.
way the it information, disseminates the Commission dictatorship represents by the majority, or democracy is measured by the attitude the majority adopt lending when ear an to the In minorities.
That is in line the with draft resolution.
Mr President, Hungary has commemorated the 50th anniversary of the 1956 revolution.
It is not just case a my of staff constantly having dealt these with issues and addressed these at questions every level; have we made also it perfectly clear that, if these projects are blocked and cannot be completed shortly, then there will be funding no for them.
In paragraph 41, the amount should EUR 3 398 000. be
In the meantime, believe I we must be very pleased with the outcome of discussions, these not, President, Madam that it was always very easy to an at arrive outcome.
This is unacceptable.
We should not down go this dangerous road.
are after all many other regions the in EU in similar There situations.
That is my speech.
far as the is ESF the concerned, close alignment of its with priorities the Employment Guidelines provides for a link direct EU between employment policy priorities and EU financial As support.
While all countries see development aid as a means combating of illegal immigration, cooperation budgets are and, reduced with one not bit responsibility of accepted for training, there are no qualms about participating in the brain drain.
We can either come into politics to name, moan and shame, whinge, or to try and solve a problem.
I aware am that on Parliament's Foreign Committee Affairs recently took part in a fruitful workshop on European Union-India which relations, was attended by a number of experts.
amendment) accepted the oral (Parliament
The proposal would slowly kill off small medium-sized and livestock enterprises, which struggling are to survive, particularly a as result of the steep increases in feed prices.
First we had the Exxon Valdez and the and Erika then the Prestige, but the report also has political prestige written all has over it, and since had 1976.
Research being into cause the of a wide range of new illnesses, such as allergies, is in still its infancy; despite this fact, foodstuffs are still irradiated.
Fund. structural pre-accession instrument being keeps compared with the Cohesion The
in writing. We - voted against but CCCTB did not want to defeat other important aspects this of report.
could mean a CO2 a tax, levy on value added a or tax on speculative capital This movements.
We need to keep moving steadily forward the on course have we set.
Mrs Kinnock, am I pleased that we agree on importance the of renewing common the position.
This that ensured there was a constant flow of information, which meant that MEPs could the achieve more.
In January, Madrid, in addressed I the first-ever international conference for the victims of terror.
the Does Commission intend to establish the means to protect its economic policy, to counter the disadvantages to which European industry exposed is the by Echelon system?
Things  change.
It is regrettable resolution that this chooses to disregard that by fact insisting that emissions must not be reduced through use the of nuclear energy.
In accordance with the conclusions of 10 2001, December on the repercussions terrorist of the on the threat European Union' s non-proliferation, disarmament and arms control policies, the Union to intends actively promote the and global effective application of multilateral instruments in the field of disarmament non-proliferation, and arms control.
If there is a feeling that 43 Article should be also included because we dealing are with disparate products, that naturally can done be too.
What I think matters most that is contribute we to a plan of action, whose is aim to help us reach a new awareness of technology, so economic that new opportunities may be created for Europe.
American The judicial system has failed to inform him of the rights he which in fact has.
There are three points that I would like to highlight.
Can we safeguard work for Europeans? all
weaken the compromise, particularly aimed those at narrowing the scope the of IPPC, the application of BAT the and requirements the for large combustion They plants.
If is it still possible, I should like to for ask that be to arranged, but more the important point to me the is voting sequence.
We hope that you will consent to it.
This is proposal about giving greater to responsibility shipowners by strengthening the liability scheme.
In south the of France and Corsica, in small are quantities produced, compared with our Italian, Spanish and Greek neighbours.
Finally, I would to like thank all of those who have been very generous in praise their the of Commissioner and of the in finally Council putting to bed this very important piece of legislation.
Minutes of yesterday' s sitting have been The distributed.
In road and rail forms transport, it part the of public is service and the also basis the for mobility we want all for citizens; with 6 million employed and 3 million self-employed workers, it also represents an important branch of employment.
On Thursday, we shall voting be a on balanced opening-up of the internal market.
the Mr President, Member States must meet financial their commitments and adopt Financial the Perspective as soon as possible.
So I do not believe OSCE mission the should be I do believe, that needs however, it protecting and that we must do our to utmost strengthen the troops are who in the region, especially in Macedonia, in FYROM, which will be means a of protecting the OSCE. withdrawn.
I hope that Parliament, has which believed always in the myth of the growth zero of officials despite the multiplication will in their duties, accept the Commission' s proposals and objectives will and also step up monitoring its tasks and its role.
This, Mr Santer, right comes back to you.
There are million a starving people the in world, aid and will of course flow as needed, but the arguments behind Commission's the proposal have become in six obsolete months.
They can also produce counterproductive reactions in the markets and cause disruption.
I think it also is wise on the Commission's part place to just the regulatory activities on a supranational footing.
The citizens the and European Parliament want a not democracy, a technocracy.
I also the share rapporteur’s view that restructuring nothing is new.
Thank you very much.
Let draw your me attention in to particular the need support to women teachers, for we must not allow them to continue to be in disadvantaged a technical often world dominated by men.
On the other, rather less has been achieved concerning productivity.
And I hope, would Commissioner, that you share also this approach.
Belarus. I understood right, you were just thanking me for my and reply us informing that you would remain attentive to the situation in If
However, there is one problem.
But if one takes all the directives, regulations, and all the of the acts European Communities, and everybody knows there are a lot of them, they account a for thickness considerable of the Official Journal of the European Communities, every year.
The same is envisaged by the US in the security sector.
Without such indicators it is very difficult to the assess application of the different measures by the different Member States and see whether to this learning process, which we are is undergoing jointly, achieving the intended objectives.
Finally, as far as and small- medium-sized businesses are concerned, the matter of the is patent a crucial factor, quite apart from more specific elements.
Sound management can also be if undermined cost-cutting takes the easy way out targets and administration.
We are mobilising existing analysis, survey, competence and support centres for the development of and knowledge observation regarding tourism.
Now, however, we need to revise regulation, the ensure consistency to between all the elements of the legislative framework.
is It important as it will ensure the continuity of Community tuna in activities Gulf the of Guinea.
They seem be to engaging in a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Mr President, (PL) the universal nature European of art the shows need to give schools back their roles as main the centres for spreading culture.
The ballot these of youngsters 120 gave the following result: 100 girls of out 120 voted against accession while other the 20 abstained.
It is also extremely important that we collate data develop and strategies on patient mobility.
The United Kingdom has a long-standing reporting mandatory scheme, MORS, currently established under Article 117 of the Air Navigation Order and by administered CAA. the
I think that a clear distinction must certainly be made between patents on inventions and patents on discoveries, especially since biological riches are in concentrated countries the of the South, in tropical areas, otherwise, because, will once we see again the countries of the South being plundered so laboratories that major of nations industrialised can benefit.
Society must, then, also the provide and tools to conditions enable women to go out to something work, that is a pre-requisite for their emancipation.
In addition, the immunity of individual members of parliament is regulated in an extremely ambiguous way.
Court. of course, President Bashir be should forced to resign be and handed directly to the International Criminal Ideally,
At this stage, can what be said?
Elections themselves in do not make a country democratic.
package. (EL) - The New Democracy group of MEPs voted today favour in of the six proposals in the new economic governance in writing.
This year, we are going award to the Sakharov the Prize, of symbol the European Parliament's commitment to human rights.
I fully share view the that policy cohesion essential is to reducing internal EU the disparities one on hand and closing the gap between the European regions and the world-leading economies on the other.
I believe the with forthcoming PNR we package a have unique opportunity to get it right.
I that hope you will take a stronger stance and come back with stronger a answer when you considered have the full implementation of your key negotiating standards.
Can we allow ourselves to be concerned only with our when own happiness it produces unhappiness for many so others?
Finnish Minister Foreign for Affairs Tuomioja, too, has announced already that dialogue will be a key preoccupation of the Finnish Presidency.
The United States and India to be are blamed for the collapse of the July ministerial talks.
is Incidentally, Hamas also responsible for the blackout media that I have not yet anyone heard condemn?
Conference. EU supports the wholeheartedly objectives down the laid in Treaty and is committed to the effective implementation of the final document of the 2000 NPT review conference the and decisions resolution and adopted at the 1995 and Review Extension The
Which country is Europe? threatening
Of course, only experience will tell us if we heading are into mosaic an incomprehensible or a situation that guarantees legal certainty and, might I say, unity of law within the single European market.
This will be extremely detrimental to some institutions because the are legislations very different area in the of restrictions.
The needs Union resources more if we are to realise our ambitions.
you, Like I believe that there huge are areas for possible improvements.
This development would be in contradiction to our of a vision Union which is an association of states, to which Members freely the pay annual contributions.
Children under three years of age cannot read and even children up the to age six of are not really capable of reading and even they if are, are they really competent to make decisions on this?
Women. policy negotiations must practical take account of all the such conventions, as the Convention on Elimination the of All Forms of against Discrimination Trade
Thus, Europe does not only bear a certain responsibility, being one of the contributors main pollution to greenhouse and gas emissions, but also a has particular in interest the Arctic, since it will have to deal with the consequences of the taking changes there place from climate-change environmental and issues to the geopolitics of shipping routes and of security supply of resources.
Are you surprised that our is economy stagnating?
The essence of the solution in is hands the of the French themselves.
The events of recent weeks show that this be must brought forward.
A industrial sound is policy needed, but not economic nationalism.
would I just like to express once more three minor reservations, because if I remember rightly, had the we same debate about the Bosnian situation.
. Mr President, I am that glad there is such interest in and sport football.
Some countries rely on water, ground others on surface water.
It may even be that more spending is required.
Mr President,    in relation our to common European task where energy policy is concerned, there are things two are that important to define and that I think we have to clarify.
On October 2 2010, David Kato's name and picture, along with the and names of pictures other alleged LGBT published persons, were by Ugandan a tabloid, the Rolling Stone, under headline the 'Hang them', shamelessly their putting lives at risk.
commented, Someone and entirely I agree, that the situation is worse in the rich States Member than the in poor.
Commission's report on the safety Temelin of also confirms that Austria's misgivings about the reactor The are justified.
The resolution that we will adopt in May reflects very those much things that specifically concern the protection of our citizens, both their data and their judicial remedies, including protection, extraterritorial particularly when their rights be could violated extraterritorially.
President Chirac umbrage took and, a as the consequence, French Government has been wondering in the National Assembly how can it muzzle the European and Parliament prevent it from delivering any future opinions human on rights and the third pillar.
Today plenary amended Commission's the initial proposal, which tailored was to the pharmaceutical industry.
I do that believe must we be careful extremely that the small delegations do not feel excluded.
Sanctions such as withdrawing visas for all the leaders and their families.
of Agenda the next sitting: see Minutes
I therefore shall put this to the vote now.
is That why hope I the House will approve the amendment by the Group of the European s People' Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats the and Group the of European Liberal, Democrat Reform and Party which upholds the principle of free and donation voluntary on the one hand, but allows transitional a phase achieving for that principle on the other.
Ladies and gentlemen, we urgently concrete need measures.
At the moment Sri Lanka benefits from the GSP+. There are indications no that it stop would benefiting arrangements from GSP in the future.
We believe that the European Parliament should involve in itself more this process.
I wish conclude to by reconfirming the Commission that will make any available kind of technical support required for rapporteur your to bring the ad hoc procedure to a successful conclusion for the 1997 budget.
same time, the however, the 3.6 million farmers living in the new Member States face even greater At problems.
The Games are an outstanding for opportunity the Chinese people to come into contact with sporting and cultural values from the the rest of world.
We must try to this, encourage it and is vital more that resources should provided be so that the applicant countries can take in part the process.
There are now already a lot obstacles of its to doing so.
Secondly, we must work for the full integration of immigrants, that since is the way we only can prevent marginalisation rootlessness, and the conflicts which, an to increasing degree and with greater frequency, are arising within our societies; an which integration a has dual meaning –– for society of the destination and for the migrants themselves –– but in which, any event, must an be integral and fundamental part of our common policy.
As Foreign Minister at time when the requirements visa for Bulgaria were I lifted, the know great emotional effect the visa and waiver ending of humiliation had on our citizens.
What must we do - and I entirely agree here the with High Representative of the - CFSP is to the examine with utmost care and precision a whether link exists between the incidences illness of and quantities the of ammunition depleted with uranium which were fired during the in war Yugoslavia and and Kosovo in Bosnia too.
I agree with the rapporteur's that opinion the inclusion of Roma is a necessary investment, because it is cheaper to integrate Roma than to their sustain socio-economic substandard conditions.
However, I would like to him ask whether that document also talks about the statements by the of leader his party when said he to ETA: "Do kill not the cooks, the kill powers that be" .
Mr President, would I to like support Mr Yáñez’s and proposal stress what I believe to be one of the interesting most contributions made this in report, the proposal to create the ‘Ulysses’ programme.
First all, of it must be that, said today, drugs are your drugs; they are free: free to be controlled by the Mafia organised and crime, kill free to with overdoses, free to kill Aids, with free to kill in the streets and of squares our towns.
I am not to able understand this fully.
The Committee on Development approved report my unanimously.
Financial assistance is required by dairy farmers immediately.
I welcome the European desire Commission's to establish the conditions for a genuine internal market in credit, consumer to guarantee a high of level protection consumer and clarify Community to regulations recasting by the three existing directives 1987, of 1990 and 1998 on this type of credit.
It is indispensable to undertake radical a review of this aid, when especially enlargement to the include Eastern countries European is to a become reality.
Just consider a farmer this: may buy animal fodder in all good conscience and feed it to his animals in the conviction that it no contains animal protein because it is labelled not as such, these are still not labelled.
We can accept Amendments Nos 10 11 and delete which those articles of the proposal that are taken up elsewhere in the text.
We have challenged a series of measures national targeting, amongst others, intragroup offshore activities.
Why should doctors have monopoly a on this information?
In light the of that, I am also irritated the by debate my between country - Germany and - the Netherlands.
At the end of the day, though, we will have to come an to on agreement them and find a way in future to deliver of responses this kind faster, more promptly, and greater with than credibility we done have these in proceedings.
I welcome and 6 the mile 12 limit retention, but beyond 12 miles I have some very serious concerns about the wording the of documents in relation to to access waters and resources and relation in to relative stability.
We would like to see a job-funded pass local for public transport, other in want words, we to prove ourselves to be responsible from both a and financial an environmental policy of point view.
success is much very in the mobility and European cooperation and we know it is important for the of quality employment, for the efficiency of labour markets, we it know is truly a European and idea we also know it utmost is of importance for the opportunities of the The individual.
text our contravenes own constitution and the Treaties because we are exceeding our authority here, and it contravenes the constitutions of a number of Member States, as such Germany, that expressly prohibit it; it is pity a that does this such disservice a the to serious concerns expressed by Mrs in Cederschiöld her The excellent report.
If Parliament were to accept – and it is not going accept to – this view on the part of Council in its the current form, it be would triumph a of national accounting European over and policy, I do not believe this would be good for either the or Union for Member its States.
The result obvious: is a high-quality proposal.
Mr President, ladies gentlemen, and the greenhouse is effect greatest the problem that we to have face, because involves it a structural change in the conditions needed for life.
The EU has a human rights and duty competence make to all different, equal, all a reality.
The European and Union the development capitalist method are not able to satisfy urgent needs, such as earthquake protection, health education, and welfare.
It is a place where, increasingly, place are marriages taking between nationals of different countries or couples moving are to a different country, and of course this is a good and thing is one of accomplishments the the of European Union.
Taking all consideration, this into and looking at the conditions for implementation in accordance paragraph 10 with of the Interinstitutional the Agreement, Commission proposes transferring to the 1999 budget ECU 1 million 433 which were unused for the Structural Funds in 1997, ECU and 101 million of for appropriations commitments for unused the Cohesion Fund in the same year; in other words, a total of 534 ECU 1 million.
This is why, last year, Parliament approved an of appropriation 300 EUR for 000 this year' s budget for the investigation of the efficiency and improvement of needs parliamentary administration.
But question that has not been raised.
waves. way: the the few independent that papers do are exist hard to come by in the This once again underlines significance the of a political counter weight on the Serbian air By provinces.
Just this like Parliament at reading, first the chose Council by majority a the short interests term of the inefficient postal particularly services, in the large Member States of the Union.
Some suspicion continues to linger in the and minds hearts of the people.
In order to be taken forward they should be enshrined a in formal legal instrument – in this case, a of decision Council the and the European Parliament.
No one can therefore have the slightest as doubt your to commitment to peace and your will to negotiate, on the basis international of and law respect the agreements for already made.
It is widely recognized that the towards move a single is market something which should unstoppable be and is desirable certainly within the Union.
The General Secretary says that the amount is EUR 200 million, but all the experts believe the that missile defence system is likely more cost to EUR billion between 40 and EUR 70 billion and we do not know even how it will be managed.
European Union is consistent in its claims to promote competition competitiveness, and yet it is just as consistent in failing to do The so.
Shipping is for known its complexity terms in of ownership and management, is and almost by definition an international affair.
As Europe's Parliament, we though, should be concentrating on the points of fact attempting and to an play active part in fashioning a reform whose objective prime will be to maintain fishery resources.
I Mr thank Doyle for elucidating the question for and making a behalf contribution on of his group, even though meant it running slightly over time.
future the architecture of Structural Funds for 2014-2020 will have to take into account specific the characteristics of that The fund.
rapporteur. Mr - President, I know everybody wants rush to but off, I just want to thank the and Commission shadow the rapporteurs on this.
Whether a for procedure the arbitration of disputes will one day turn into an international competition authority is a question should that be left open for today.
far as Syria is I concerned, would simply like to say that there at was least positive point one that us gave hope when, after negotiations long and long discussions, Syria agreed to the non-proliferation So clause.
Madam President, I my thank honourable for friends cooperation, their which allowed us to the formulate joint motion for a resolution.
I do consider indeed it necessary to away clear and overthrow this restrictive culture throughout the but EU, at the end of the day the techniques which through culture the manifests itself are not so important.
Our fellow citizens have enough had of this sort of horse-trading.
Following the arrest of Morgan Tsvangirai last Sunday, it was not Tuesday until - yesterday - that he was before arraigned a court given and access to medical treatment.
Large parts the of report - which was voted through plenary in - are very however, sound, and my 'no' vote should not be interpreted an as unwillingness to in participate the work on Policy Coherence for Development.
In developing employment policy and social combating it exclusion, is to only right invest not in only economic growth but also education in and training as a way of giving those who are excluded society from a foothold in the market labour and enabling them to help themselves.
However, there us is a way of understanding the universe in which we live as being shared by all - plane a of existence that spans reality the of every human person - an ecosphere that contains all.
author. - (DE) Madam President, am I to grateful you, Mrs Jöns, for me allowing to co-author this question with you.
Crown. cultural and political with links Spain and France lasted for centuries, throughout the time when we were ruled by the British Our
Ecolabelling is a measure intended voluntary to at promote European level distribution the of products with a high level of efficiency and a low environmental throughout impact their life entire cycle.
But if States Member are in a position to that do earlier, be so and it so much the better.
I appeal to you yet again!
I sympathise with the Dutch colleagues their in particular situation and, I as the said, oral amendment tabled Mrs by Gillig will some go way towards that.
(Applause)
We do not need it.
the time, At there same are new criteria and new derogations that we welcome, aimed particularly at preserving group family unity in one Member State.
I wish, however, to why explain I voted I as did on the Amendment 66, notorious disclosure clause.
you Madam President, have heard some diverging views around the this House morning on this issue.
proposed amendment establishes procedure a to be followed should a difference of emerge opinion between the President the and relevant The committee.
It is therefore to necessary adjust the to agreements legislation Community and enable both new Member States to accede to the horizontal agreement.
I voted this against programme.
The implementation of these will proposals contribute significantly to cooperation international operational between police forces.
On the subject of human House rights, this has clearly expressed its views time and again the over years.
President-in-Office, we trust you will choose Mr wisely.
The need for some consistency the between common agricultural policy and the EU's external trade policy is clear also - it is essential to secure a level playing field for EU producers the in world market, which must not encourage unfair competition.
The covered by are CITES divided into three appendices according to the level of protection species needed.
However, I should focus like to the on specific problem of the situation of especially minorities, the Macedonian minority in Bulgaria.
So we are starting not from scratch.
Under the new Presidency, there is perhaps a chance that it can act little more independently a than previously.
I that today, know as Mr said, Patten who those speak of peace not are listened to, but if we manage show to that the other side can hear the we are initiatives proposing, then there will be more many initiatives, like by the those soldiers who are that saying they to want defend the security of Israel, but do not want to occupy Palestinian territories and the Palestinians.
But addition in to this we also must for care the people who live in the regions, for their health and the health of their children.
We must, therefore, be extremely cautious, without going far so as to be obscurantist.
The description of the that mismanagement occurred at the height of the crisis BSE between 1990 and 1994 is absolutely incredible.
It then, must, be done in professional a and efficient way.
Implementation of this directive means riders that are forced being to fit new silencers to their bikes.
It is true that the legal basis was shaky, but European children are residents others like any and we must concerned be for well-being, their their and dignity their future.
What these documents legislative propose to is perpetuate these intervention measures, which subjugate and peoples countries and transform them into veritable protectorates or colonies.
Community for appropriation such environmental agencies is well justified.
in I voted this report for which forward puts several suggestions concerning the of creation a mutually beneficial Euro-Mediterranean FTA. writing.
evaluation The was conducted by the European Commission in the first of half in 2008 line with Action 45.3 the of subsequent Action Plan.
I am that afraid many more similar situations could arise, if regulation the does come not into more force quickly.
No doubt that amount of money could be spent more usefully, for instance on supporting renewable energy.
so, If when will the Council officially release of the citizens Austria from this ordeal, which violates their democratic rights?
Madam President, the final draft is agenda based on starting a part-session on Tuesday 13 June.
That applies not only to the provision of all of multimedia kinds it services, also involves an appropriate approach to trend in the concentration of media, the is which also progressing at a pace that is hard to follow.
As far as Aid for Trade is concerned, its objective is to developing improve countries' to ability on new capitalise trade opportunities.
Another discussion forum with the Member States the is Advisory Committee on Procurement. Public
Instead of responses designed to improve living address conditions the and problem of poverty which affects more than million 80 they people, present an more even neo-liberal version of Lisbon the Strategy designed to pursue the liberalisation and privatisation public of services.
That was sufficient for them to bring him to trial and he well may for be imprisoned five years as a result.
in Parliament its report is more favour in of the opinion of Member certain States represented the in Council than that of the and Commission, does not to intend approve the Commission as proposal it stands.
Some Union. others open, are not yet open, other negotiations are stalled, and it is plain that Turkey is great of strategic importance to the are
At the same time as searching for ways in which we can strategic effective draft documents, however, our second is goal to shape a common European will, and indeed this is something that has been frequently in mentioned this Chamber.
This is principle a which was already by established European of Court Justice case law, and all the Constitution does is to codify it.
would therefore like to hear Mr from Solana what he intends to do order in to bring the Union to sing from the same I songsheet.
I also hope that the majority Parliament in have decided clearly that the administration draft should a proposal that we more invest in environmentally friendly vehicles for everyday use here in but Parliament, there are plans no for yet this either.
– could you Commissioner, address the issue of caged beds in Romania?
We shall now proceed the to vote.
Applause 
Now that programmes these are coming to a close the at end of this and we year are already discussing follow-up programmes, this has subject finally onto come Parliament's agenda.
The annual report submitted by UNRWA will provided certainly be to Parliament as well to as the Council.
But our goes discussion further than that, of course.
Council The has now improved the texts.
I am very grateful honourable to Members for fast the delivery their of opinion on what we are proposing.
I am that certain democrats all will rejoice at this principled and just decision.
As requested by the Parliament, development cooperation instrument now includes indicative financial allocations, a mid-term and review an expiry date.
It cannot be a coincidence that we debate the issue of toy Parliament safety in in the run-up each to Christmas, we as are again doing this year.
My second point relates to our fellow citizens.
As you will be aware, efforts are being made to visa conclude facilitation agreements with other countries as well.
I believe that consistency is European the Union's true problem these days.
Otherwise, we will replace the current boundaries the national with blocks' boundaries, thereby extending without any the justification deadline for implementing the European Single Sky.
The war against Kuwait was fought for this dictator's own reasons.
At the same time, however, we need to action develop at the level of informing and the raising of awareness the public.
A flagrant violation of international law remains a violation flagrant of law international - even after 22 years.
has encouraged the involvement increasing of the European Union in managing such crises, and I believe that it is both right and necessary to East include Africa in the priority for areas the Common and Foreign Policy, Security including, specifically, paragraph 8 in of the Brok Italy report.
Last year I experienced its operation directly, having broken my hand in Brussels.
am I convinced that this Presidency, therefore, will attain the objectives which it has set itself: Europe will have, before the next elections, European its Constitutional first Treaty, fruit of the work valuable of the Convention and also fruit of Parliament’s work.
Access (PT) to water is essential for life, food, health, well-being and development.
our behalf of the PSE Group. - Mr President, I will speak in English in honour of on rapporteur.
As I assume Herman that Schmid not does require interpretation any of I what said, I would to like repeat that "police action during the European Council in not Gothenburg does fall within the competence of the Council" .
You can rest assured that shall we deploy all the at resources our disposal.
And so, after 45 years with a secret telephone directory, will it in a few months also be possible for the general public to track down the in person the Commission who, example, for responsible is for issuing telephone directories.
This directive is essentially concerned with protecting the of rights someone residing in a Member State, well as as the rights of of citizens that Member State, in keeping the with principle of reciprocity.
We need to look individual at what concerns, is happening with the constitution, what is happening on the humanitarian and numerous fronts, other and we need to an take overall view and apply an overall strategy as to how can we influence developments.
All types of forest are represented Europe, in taiga from to the tropical forests Guyana, of and we must ensure their existence continued by preserving the biodiversity of these very fragile ecosystems.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would to like Mrs thank Estévez, Fraga the Chair of the Committee on Fisheries, for oral this question and to say that I very much the welcome of involvement Parliament in these procedures.
Mr President, Commissioner, Member States have to a ensure environment favourable for the development of freight transport logistics and to remove the barriers (RO) involved.
Are there any comments?
The strengthening of European is democracy not possible without openness and transparency and unfortunate it is that is there still no transparency and that the Council continues to act behind closed doors.
This, is then, a fundamental problem facing France today.
That a is particular aspect I which think deserves special attention, not only in connection with this subject of our debate but with ones subsequent as well.
(CS) your In contribution you spoke about the importance ensuring of that the International Protectorate in Kosovo remains of part Serbia in conformity with Resolution 1244 international and law.
is It reasonable for both the Commission and to Parliament place on view the administrative expenditure due to enlargement under Section V of the budget.
Since these have been carefully considered, approved and signed up not to, by only this House, but also the Council by and the is Commission, there no reason for these positions to be changed.
Votes 
I should like to ask the Commissioner to give one two or examples without delay to the show extent which to the Commission's guidelines permissible for (or impermissible) aid for regional airports in Community the are actually being applied.
Well, there we are.
Consolidating public finances makes today easier it to cope the with impact budgetary of ageing tomorrow, insufficient but control of pension expenditure could destabilise public finances.
Mr President, our is group very pleased with this very reliable broad-minded report and by Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl.
The proposal involves prolonging an ecopoints system is that currently in force and, I as such, voted for it.
Thirty-nine posts on are listed this establishment plan, whereas 43 temporary staff and 11 contract staff appear the in two text pages before this.
believe We the trend is in the right direction and we that trust will things continue that way for Belgium Italy. and
is This an important step forward for these countries, as well as strengthening a European of citizenship.
We give cannot in to Russian blackmail, but without Russia there good is no or enduring solution.
of will at any event be an important partner for our countries and, of course, much very so in case the France. It
It clear, is this after debate, that all of this must take place under parliamentary supervision and on the basis of proposal a from the Commission.
Mr President, the Delors 1992 programme for the single market was an for all inspiration Europe to embark upon Europe's idea big to get its to people back work.
All in all, thus we are in an extremely worrying situation.
is not fault his that the Council keelhauled the Commission and Parliament and bruised the political credibility these of It institutions.
Admittedly, experience shows that there is a not always straightforward proportionate link between the extent of the aid and results the in the shape of development.
This was a moment historic and another important in step the evolution the of European Union-Turkey relationship.
Mr Belder, I promise I reply will to as you, you specifically in asked, writing.
Mr President, is Europe going to have to face a new crisis gas this winter?
Moreover the Commission has found other which measures significantly will improve the pollution boundary, - namely and we have already touched on this - by introducing self-diagnosis and systems by monitoring vehicles in use.
Special promotions for schoolchildren should include a range of healthy products organic in addition to fruit.
I do not have time enough to this, speak on but the other big question is trade.
There competition is between men and must make we sure that there is not to soon be competition between policies.
Can I say to presidency both the and the Commission that this something is we need to find a solution to together and quickly.
In this and context, is less appreciated, the vast potential supply Kazakh of yellow cake uranium mines from coming onstream, which will be vital to supplying the future EU’s nuclear energy needs.
Add that to the brain drain, the problem of circulation free of scientists and limited access to information.
On day this in 2004, bomb attacks in killed Madrid nearly 200 people.
Has this become a reality?
President, so much has been said and written recently the about enlargement and Agenda 2000 that there is a real that risk analyses the and proposals made by the representatives of of the people will Europe not be noticed, or at least will seem less important in eyes the of the public and the even Community Mr institutions.
You mentioned the need to ratify any change to this system.
Here, too, though, same the true: is if Hezbollah does see not the way the is blowing wind and is unwilling to help establish peace and stability, then there is no helping it, nobody for in this House will be to willing support it.
And I wonder if in the final count 15 all Member will States not in fact claim priority for their national interests.
Whatever solution is found to this problem, it not must be at the farmers' expense.
That why is I called the on family Croatian associations which I met during recently a visit their to country to continue excellent their work for the benefit of the common good of their and nation a better future all for in Europe.
So we have a grave problem here.
only It is because I insisted it on that a reference was finally introduced Article in 1.2(b) of the common position.
are there also examples of how things be can done, for example, the Stability Pact, which is a mixture of economic promotion of reconstruction, human rights the and development of a civil Fortunately, society.
The funds incorrectly disbursed amount to 11%.
That is why I to am proud be part of the European 2020 package on energy and climate change that we agreed in December 2008 a - decision of this Parliament also which has the set highest standards for global leadership on the road to a climate change agreement want all we to see at Copenhagen later this year.
When we did not police these people in past, the look where they led us.
This policy continues to this day.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, last time we met we the praised Council's speedy to response the financial crisis.
We want to help make principles the and substance of the Constitutional Treaty, its including a values, and legal therefore political reality.
The on obesity are startling and have already been facts quoted.
These are growth, and research production.
Unemployment has not yet changed for the better.
The Social European Fund plays a vital role in improving career and professional opportunities, promoting adaptation the skills of workers the to of demands the labour market and integrating them it, into along with strengthening social inclusion.
When this, faced with have I to say that if the only thing we achieved peace was in Northern the Ireland, European Union would have been worthwhile.
I congratulate my colleagues on that.
already We agree the on so approach, I think the proposal is actually already there.
An equitable power system sharing was to established, be with together a rotating Presidency from passing Hutus to Tutsis every 18 months.
was in 1998 that the EU, with together Canada, Russia and the USA, concluded the on agreement international humane It trapping standards.
One of the glaring shortcomings from comes the EU presidency.
And in our study, will we carefully therefore compare the requirements of IMO the Convention with our Community acquis.
I am in of favour doing two things December. after
I believe we only are now facing into the real test.
Written Statements (Rule 142)
EU. be may the case, but Swedish the Government no doubt knows as as well anyone that, else five in years’ when time revision the takes place, no one will either be able, wish, or to investigate the multiplicity of forms of shareholding that exist within the That
Do recall you the CIA flights, the torture in Guantanamo, the penalty, death and the systematic violation of human rights throughout the world?
The motion a for resolution a includes number of concrete in proposals addition to those by proposed the particular Commission, in lifelong concerning learning, combating social exclusion and the development of partnerships for resourcing a learning society.
Similarly, restrictions removing for small and middle-sized industries - whether they have to do with complex bureaucratic the procedures, acquisition of capital venture or questions of - taxation is vital a on step the path to improved competitiveness and prosperity.

Mr Commissioner, President, if few a chains of shops and unfortunately also the European Commission have their way, the book system pricing is to be abolished.
We currently finalising are approval of the most recent national recapitalisation plans.
At the same is time, it discussing, still even today, the possibility of starting financing for programmes palm for oil plantations.
have documentation no to indicate any that of the Thule workers died as a result of We radiation.
I also pleased was to read that President Nicole Fontaine reacted speedily to confirmation the of this sentence I and read also she that intervene would with the President of the Turkish National Assembly in order it should that not confirm the carrying out of the death sentence.
I believe I can agree the on need introduce to some specification, thus things making clearer.
Instead has it risen Today constantly. unemployment is 10.7 percent or 13-14 percent if includes one who those are employed through various kinds of market labour measures.
Another question was about audiovisuals.
What has been on going today is a disgrace!
An effort is made being to sanctify US-inspired the special set tribunal up The in Hague, the 'bill of of indictment' which has collapsed and been ridiculed.
Thank you, Mr Tomlinson.
This proposal clarifies issues the involved and refers its adoption to plenary, bearing in mind Rules the of Procedure in force.
We should see to it - including by means of debate today's that - this intergovernmental existing method, other in words open coordination, is into converted a Community method.
I think we actually need look to at the scale of what involved is here.
All aspects these demonstrate that liberalisation has stirred the market.
The word key in this report is 'responsibility'.
To conclude this reflection on Eurostat the affair, I will now to come OLAF.
Furthermore, we now have a fabulous window of opportunity which must used be to settle the Cyprus question.
Recent cases have illustrated clearly this defect.
Let us at the same time acknowledge that alternative of sources energy will not allow to us respond to and demand fossil-based that sources of energy make just pollution worse.
would I like to add, in no uncertain terms: the in case extradition, of I no have doubts that Italian justice delivers the standards high expected of European Member Union States.
I shall start by this placing proposal its in context.
1995 and the 1996, European Parliament took the lead in the fight against this of type fraud and set up an committee, enquiry which, with John Tomlinson as and chairman Edward as rapporteur, Kellett-Bowman catalogued the problems that occurred during transit and proposed solutions to During them.
I listened very yesterday carefully to what you said on the subject of the MED programmes.
. ladies Mr President, gentlemen, and after more than a year, we are to coming the end of an intense piece of work out carried in cooperation close with many of my fellow Members and with representatives from and the Council the Commission, whom I should to thank.
This something is the that Committee on and Economic Monetary Affairs discussed on three occasions, one of indeed, them, being in context the of an extended exchange of views.
In he Belgrade will carry the of message resolve of the Union European and the Contact Group countries.
There is now agreement legal that will disputes be referred to the European of of Court Justice.
If this not the is case, the must Commissioner issue instructions so that improvements can be made.
Six months later those sheep return and some them of lost have their tags.
I on went to ask him if it was that true in his country a man or Muslim woman could put be to death for converting to Christianity.
I that hope will we succeed this in way in drawing attention to small the nations whose language in is danger of disappearing and whose culture, thousands of years old, is being replaced by corporate events.
While in the developed countries, we spend to 10 20% of our household budget food, on in the least developed countries, this figure is 60 to of 80% the budget, and a 20% in increase the price of cereals is drastic.
Why, then, I did vote in committee not to grant discharge the to Commission?
We would transcend then mere words.
As they stated, clearly they will not commit the cardinal of sin disrupting relations the between and EU the USA.
The next item is the report Alexander by Stubb, replaced by Ingo behalf Friedrich, on of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the framework for the activities lobbyists of in the EU institutions.
second My concerns comment Objective 2, which will obviously to have be simplified so that have actions greater visibility and better results for which citizens, is why we prefer a new Objective 2 with thematic actions.
The European agricultural policy came about in order support to our and farmers enhance quality the of European so produce, as to the EU's strengthen position in the world marketplace.
As the report suggests, such an approach be must based on a strong rights human approach, notably with regard to migrants' rights.
new framework agreement will be much in broader scope than the first signed one 20 years ago, because it should reflect changes the in China and in our The relations.
The most cost-effective means to reduce greenhouse is gases move to forward with strategy a for energy efficiency.
In to the answer specific point raised on this occasion, the Council has made no such request.
Nothing much has changed.
(ES) Madam President, the Commissioners, President of the Commission, who discourteously failed has to this attend debate, has the justified correction of his programme in an extraordinary by fashion quoting an anonymous philosopher from his country who defended truth.
It apparent is from the report that the author a deep, has personal interest Ukrainian in development issues and in the shaping its of relations with the European Union, and has this of benefited course the report.
Training and Skills researchers; of
we However, remain concerned that some of the provisions too remain far-reaching – for example the scope for denying to local NGOs registration the and controls exerted on both local and foreign NGOs.
So work is needed to create a awareness worldwide of the fact that things cannot go on this way and that a new model sustainable of economic development is needed, based on for respect natural the its world and Creator.
which wealthy Europe has abandoned, in the most part, to the care of countries neighbouring in the which have region, still not Refugees recovered.
In the explanatory of statement report, the rapporteur the that says the countries of the euro-area have representation dual on the Economic and Financial namely Committee, via their own representatives (directly) and via representatives of the the European Central Bank (indirectly).
Policy. adopting Mrs Ewing's opinion our unanimously, showed committee itself to be less keen on this project to create an Internet charter than the European Commission Parliament's Committee and Economic and on Monetary Affairs and Industrial In
The European Union, under the Presidency, Spanish has established a mechanism for coordinating aid with the United Nations, and a post-disaster task force; the European Commissioner for International Cooperation, Aid Humanitarian and Response is also Crisis expected arrive to on ground the in the next few days.
This statement the truly illustrates will of the and path being taken by the workers.
Mrs Bachelot believed she could and say – is this a widespread opinion – that I had spoken in the heart the of university.
Already have there been violent food riots across the world as desperate hungry people attack and grain silos supermarkets.
In his of speech 18 November, President Prodi mentioned enhancing the role of the Supervisory Committee or creating an interinstitutional forum possible as of ways improving OLAF’s governance.
The goodwill translated has been into packages: three Northern got Ireland Priority 1 status when its economic development stage would not have it; justified the Delors package and the International Fund for Ireland all together made have a fairly remarkable contribution to getting voluntary workers come to together.
the Council cannot cut a mandate in two, they must appoint a President for the length mandate of the provided for in Treaty. The
First, it leans too far towards products based which indexes on have no bearing on the real economy; derivatives which will help to swell the financial which bubble Mr Lipietz referred to just now.
attention must be given to this area, for the situation facing a Sudan is terrible Sufficient one.
Finally, we should like to point out that, as as long reducing no production costs, matter how, and increasing the profits the of huge monopolies in the sector continues to be the primary and decisive criterion which for producing agricultural products and food, problems the will not only not go away, they will multiply.
Let me, however, stress that in where those situations people’s rights are the most violated, flagrantly the often victims lack the strength or resources the to be able know and how defend to themselves or point attention to them.
For this reason, we await the Tampere eagerly Summit. We require an initiative and a commitment which affects all even of the us, most reluctant of governments, which is, unfortunately, the case the with Spanish government in this field.
MEDA The programme, which has received ECU 3 500 million for this period, five-year most is the ambitious initiative ever adopted the by European Union to promote security and political stability in Mediterranean. the
That, however, was three ago, years nothing and has changed!
This could have fateful consequences both for and individuals large numbers of people.
The whole deletion of this article on retention data is which now being called was for never, ever for called in committee.
I, one, for am not disappointed at the from response the Council the as Council is being in realistic relation to the driftnet issue.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
This is not way the improve implementation to the of common environmental policy, let alone to pursue more effective, committed democratic and Community policy in general.
They Amendments are Nos 5, 2, 6, 10 to 12, 14 to 20, 21, 17, 27, 31 28, to 37, 40, 42, 57, 62, 65, 73, 74 and 76.
The animals suffer stress and that often leads to suffering and death.
I the think bilateral safeguard of clause the EU-Korea Free Agreement Trade is insufficient, and it will not be dealing effective in with the disastrous and dramatic consequences that will arise from the signing of the Free Trade Agreement.
It awarded is each year to those who have shown unusual political courage something and done for people than other themselves at a to time when do so was not expedient or profitable likely or to further their careers.
think that the of handling the whole of issue enlargement clearly shows that when the and Council the Commission share the same goals, things can go I very smoothly.
I would stand the by objectivity the and transparency which with that was decision arrived and at, it certainly was not adopted for protectionist purposes.
is That I why believe you have decided on the proper course of action, we and can continue with political intervention if we pursue it vigorously with the support of the European entire continent.
is important that the Egyptian and Iraqi authorities and find harshly the judge authors of these It massacres.
Mr touched Manders on himself: this we where do draw the line, what should we label and much how should come from a particular country?
Noisy self-congratulation would, in opinion, my a send counter-productive message to our fellow citizens.
I hope you will put that the on agenda of the IMF So meeting.
Likewise, the Swedish National Maritime has concern Administration expressed that the right to down lay necessary conditions will be lost if this is directive adopted.
Mr President, my in view it is right and also encouraging Europeans that are mobilising in millions their in response to the humanitarian that tragedy been has forced the on Kosovars.
This is good a concrete example of the use of this facility particular to encourage the private sector to take more risks with the of operation a motorway.
If you now claim that of the concerns my group are unfounded, prove then it.
We, and I personally, supported this resolution because European the Parliament has to a clear have and position to common find ground, even if the resolution adopted today does not correspond fully to the position of the Socialist Group.
Secondly, the honourable will Member know well very the extent of the authority exercised the by Commission so far as its ability intervene to in domestic industrial disputes is concerned.
If this is what happens, we have will the chance to intervene, to influence our economies and one reach of our as objectives MEPs: relaunching and developing our countries.
I am that sure your secretariat and others will have noted I that too asked for a point of immediately order after Brian Crowley was refused his.
I am also of the opinion that must it be our goal to protect of the Europe from citizens products that are dangerous and harmful to health.
this From viewpoint, must I say there that is a certain confusion in European the attitude and sometimes a even certain naivety, and that also this extends to Parliament. The approach being taken to the idea of a large transatlantic market, which was Sir Leon Brittan's hare-brained scheme when back he poses was Commissioner, certain risks.
I really to have say, if we want really the technical best measure conserve to fishing stocks, it is not to be found in the common fisheries Because policy.
For example, it is high time we had Europe-wide a supply-side price agreement for renewable energies, and fiscal measures be must taken.
Firstly the 1999 budget was defined at time the as a "bridge" towards the requirements, financial new that is towards the financing of 2000. Agenda
On basis the the of work and undertaken, depending on the results obtained, this will lead to an institutional debate on the directive and, if necessary, on the Commission' s proposals for new a directive, between now and the end of would 2002. I like to point that out I agree Members with on the reform to need the directive.
In capacity our as politicians, our task is to warn of the risks of smoking, reduce to the harmfulness products of tobacco and to attempt to get rid of misleading marketing.
No (EL) doubts one the role of education in reducing poverty.
Thank you very much, Gradin. Commissioner
Could you kindly remind everyone that, necessary, if the microphone can be turned off?
Since the atrocities criminal Madrid, in we have known that Europe is now a target direct for area international terrorism.
The radio has spectrum a become central of means communication, bringing with it money and power.
I this believe is case the for most people here.
As part a of EU the Single they Market, have access to over 370m potential over customers - 6 times more than in Britain alone.
Monday On evening we had a very important debate on whether or we not give can assent on CARIFORUM.
only I say we this: are to having use the Annex III procedure a for very basic reason which I am sure be will understood.
Mr Kazulin, Lukashenko's Mr competitor for post the of of President Belarus, is still in prison, despite being ill.
It underlining is its desire for greater coordination of general the criteria and procedures for acquisition the nationality of in the Member States.
do I think not it is place, the in a debate on the Stability Pact, to refer to these But findings.
Mobility is a value contributing the to benefit of the European whole economy.
Unfortunately, other unlike this parliaments, Parliament cannot reach a decision without cooperation.
still propose the addition of a new Article 1(21a), supported as by my group in original my I proposal.
China. seems to me that this shows European the Union wants to wash its hands, it because is easier way, that in because, fact, many Member States, whose representatives are of Members this Parliament, to prefer do business with and Beijing, it would not be convenient for them to express an or opinion speak about It
Health is paramount.
Telecommunications companies will be able be to linked up to the system.
changes to the United States support system that were, in my view, very intelligent, need we to internal review our support to examine what to the extent GATT agreement is being and respected to assess the effect of aid on market prices the competitive and positions of Following commodities.
They better be placed legally as well, free as they are to up buy or with merge other companies; that door is closed to the will monopolies.
Europe to has take action.
It is keeping in the with compromise and reached the expressed opinion of the Commission and Council.
The European Union's policy, employment most explained extensively in the White Paper competitiveness, on productiveness and employment, has been utter an failure.
I would them also remind people that, while in countries outside the market economy, under the shelter of the Berlin Wall, their met well-documented fate, globalisation and the market enabled economy Europeans Western to prosper at an average rate of 2% growth per annum.
Lomé The Agreement is subject to a WTO exemption only February until 2000.
This cooperation important is to achieve the political goal of high environmental and health standards, since the Commission, I as is said, also dependent information on from the new Member States.
Mr Mugabe made every effort to stay power, in extremely using brutal means.
the As author is not Question present, No 54 lapses.
As to the proposals contained my in report, which were adopted unanimously by the Committee on I Petitions, should like to by start commenting on one I which consider of is both practical and symbolic value.
The interest on late should payments be progressive in to order motivate the debtor to pay the amount due as soon as possible.
It difficult is to debate guidelines strategic in the dark.
must We make sure that Member States their targets meet for poverty reduction as outlined in the 2020 EU strategy.
However, in Amendment No 5 we draw attention to the fact that all shall and exemptions be must subject to fundamental as review of part the for proposal Council a directive on a Community framework for the taxation energy of products.
In recent years, the has EU witnessed within its borders police violence, which often has been targeted from against outside persons the cell EU, deaths and discrimination against sexual minorities.
Last as Paulo Friday, told Casaca us, their took executioners a 23-year-old girl from her cell and led her the to gallows without first allowing access her to her parents.
Mr (PL) President, the for third in year a row, I am acting as for rapporteur the Socialist Group the in European Parliament regarding the progress report for the former Republic Yugoslav of Macedonia.
The problem was people that were enforcing not existing law.
it Furthermore, is that clear separate we cannot the delicate situation in Palestine and from Israel the international context and the dreadful consequences of the absurd the way United and States some of its European allies dealing are with terrorism at international level, approach an which I is believe providing more fuel for the fanaticism of Al Qaeda every day.
To do so, we are to going intervene up down and stream.
I think to myself, am I going to give my milk children containing 500 Bq of when iodine there is an alternative with milk 0 Bq of iodine?
Jacques is of one the few who has said it, and for that he deserves all Delors credit.
We on the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the and Media Sport hope that the current applicant countries will take advantage full of the opportunities programme the offers.
points several during the debate, thoughts have been attributed to the Commission that neither I nor the Commission agree At with.
shows report that, in general, they are a way long behind EU countries, especially in terms GDP of per The capita.
The United is States increasingly adopting a more open attitude to the European Union listening and more carefully to our concerns.
The Minsk Group is carrying out consistent work, despite but this we have not our moved from standstill.
Many thanks for pointing out, this Mrs Ries.
no were surprises at Helsinki as far EU as enlargement and the Intergovernmental Conference were There concerned.
in - writing. The current RoHS restricts the use six of hazardous materials that once were contained in certain and electrical electronic equipment.
And if we have something important the on agenda, you have to be very familiar with procedures our and be here all the time to how understand everything works.
Consequently, we believe those that Members - and there are many of them who - are reports, writing committees, chairing groups running and legitimate have reasons to be here on should, declaration of those objectives, be able to come and do their in work the place that they were elected to do it.
Rights. of death penalty the is one of the thematic main priorities when providing help within the framework of European the Instrument for Democracy and Human Abolition
Thank goodness if we can have something which is not a Dupont. Something which is Dupont not a obviously is a product of a certain origin, it a is notion, geographical which that means port is port madeira and is madeira and neither them of can be made in California Australia. or
Parliament. believe that is it important for to us observe the highest standards and principles of transparency and fair institutional cooperation all in relations between the and Commission I
With choices, these European the Union remains the most important partner for developing in the countries world and that is vital.
Thank  you.
Every issue, even the tiniest one, to do with human rights press freedom or be will scrutinised here.
The also EU has experiences important to share when it comes to overcoming conflict and building through stability shared interests mutual and understanding.
I was really disappointed and saddened.
The European Parliament sends out loud and clear with messages report: this message the that the EU should get strongly involved in the South the Caucasus, message the that EU can a role play decisive in the region and the message that the EU should increase financial and technical to assistance help Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan to reform their and administration to develop their democratic institutions, to civil encourage society interact to and to strengthen these nations' commitments to the European values of respect for rights, human fundamental freedoms and the rule of law.
The debate is closed.
would I also the take opportunity to thank Paul van Buitenen.
value We Austria's role a as bridge between EU the and the countries of central and eastern Europe, we but also want remind to the presidency of the importance negotiations of with the government legitimate of Cyprus, which should include, if possible, a representation from Turkish the Cypriot community, without interference any or blackmail from the Turkish government.
As member a of the International Committee Trade I have been pressing for social and concerns environmental be to taken into account in an era of globalisation and against the background of the rise China, of India and Brazil.
be able to undertake positive in work the future, and for the sake of the credibility of the it Union, is essential us really for to share a common and strategy, I should briefly like to remind you of the context of this Commission To proposal.
How are to we achieve the goal ambitious of 5.75% of market the in 2010 for biofuels when has France as yet achieved 1%? only
Is the intense programme of EU-Russia meetings making progress?
I had serious doubts about the conclusions of this and the study methods used.
Iraq. British Labour MEPs are to pleased have voted in of favour this resolution, which marks a genuine effort all sides on build to consensus within this Parliament European around the very difficult issue of .
On the one hand, it is a with country an enormous army, it has a secret uranium programme, it enrichment is the country first have to withdrawn from the Non-Proliferation Treaty and is threatening its and on neighbours, the other hand, it is suffering serious from internal problems.
Secondly, I would to put him there that is a major interest in accession the countries.
I also paid close when attention the about comment nationalism was made.
Firstly, the whole system is obscure.
We cannot experiment on human beings at any stage of their development and we certainly cannot mass-produce embryos for experimentation.
Thank very you much.
will also support you you if wish to do more with to regard Eastern Europe Russia, and but the focus on a genuine climate policy must not matter be merely a of headlines, it must also corrected be in the small print of the Swedish We programme.
But the European cannot Parliament the endorse Council's wish to transfer another ECU 1 billion of commitment again appropriations from 1998 1999, to after they been had to transferred 1998 from earlier years, not because least the Commission in notes its proposal that following the inadequate use of resources in 1994 and 1995, the situation considerably improved in 1996.
For this sort solution, of however, it must be guaranteed that all parties involved pay fair their and share that it does not result in few a airlines, including low cost airlines, sitting in back comfort and letting others bear the risk.
Whilst I am that sure the European Parliament will, today, open the door to wide ten the new States, Member I also am aware that, at moment the decision, of not everyone this in House, and not all the European public at will large, be completely free of doubts about enlargement the process.
One of the issues to be dealt with in to relation this problem, which is a necessary one although not only the one, is aid for without the prejudice refugees, to the achievement of a permanent within solution the framework of peace the which negotiations goes further than therapy the of aid.
Many would not survive they if were the denied opportunity to sell cattle 'on the hoof' in non-Irish and non-European markets.
The European Parliament should, therefore, support the conclusions main by offered Markov, Mr who is for responsible this own-initiative report.
One proposed therefore amendment calls in particular for the Commission promptly to provide suitably worded texts reflecting the latest developments in the legal world.
We are determined to do everything we can to achieve a conclusion successful of the negotiations, an but at agreement any is price not what we are looking for.
Mr President, we have responsibility a towards two parties: on the one the hand, young people who took part - commendably - the in military operations and in Bosnia Kosovo and, course, of their and, families, on the other, the beneficiaries of those peace-keeping missions, the Balkan peoples.
It must continue to integrate the both objectives of stability of prices, profitability and of investment.
I we think can come to the right Together decision.
would I ask you to support that part of the available budget concentrated should be on the of development knowledge amongst European young farmers.
I that suggest we adopt age this limit and say that all must minors absolutely be protected.
hard worked for a decision on amending the Working Time and Directive I think we got pretty Finland close.
No-one can say at this stage precisely where the information will society us take because it is a future which still is taking shape, a future which is developing and constantly which is at the experimental stage.
We have now looking been this, at because, as have I been in the job a little bit I longer, am more engaged in the work that we are doing in terms of our missions whether abroad, in Kosovo, whether in Bosnia or whether in discussing what we are doing in Atalanta or indeed, what have we just been doing in Haiti, and so forth.
Mr President, I am one those of who, the within were, Convention, along with the you, first to campaign for the future Constitution to submitted be for ratification the by people, and, possible, if on the same day.
This enables clause the to Community threaten Uzbekistan with the suspension of the agreement, should its rights human record significantly deteriorate.
Even if Member a State believes its that justice criminal system is so exceptional that it has nothing to learn from others, the it should at least help the others to learn from it and, as judges themselves involved are the in quality is map, there problem about no their independence with this proposal.
I believe that great is credit due to Commission, the Commissioner in particular Byrne, for systematically putting forward a series of legislative proposals which aim to address each of the issues that needed to be to tackled guarantee our consumers a safe and traceable product, from farm to fork.
Nicole deserves many Fontaine things, but to her associate with Marxism or socialism is false.
As many of know, personally you I take a very rigorous position on this issue.
What happened at El Ejido the is of result inadmissible racist and xenophobic practices in Europe today.
said Having I that, repulsed am by the spectacle of the bullfight it is as currently practised in Portugal and in other EU Member States.
On sugar, bananas and the cotton WTO has done the ACP no favours.
it Therefore, is good that Council's the conclusions of 17 November this year provide for for new opportunities dialogue, as as well cooperation greater between the European Union and Belarus.
The measures taken being to address deficits are exacerbating the crisis.
We must confirm that we support the continued rapprochement between and Serbia the European Union as soon as that may be possible.
This Parliament has always rejected lines ethnically-based of reasoning.
I have supplementary a question about the Framework Seventh Programme for Research, which has a package of EUR 54 million.
is question a of deciding what Europe needs - what we all need in - order to address the challenges that the world imposes on It us.
For instance, as the Prime Minster said, and as we have said paper, in our we are in favour of common a approach at European level on energy.
A second is comment one which I think applies to all reports on the employment considered in this House.
Madam ladies President, and gentlemen, unfortunately I cannot support Mrs Wortmann-Kool’s report.
Finally, we note that the European Parliament gladly would accept the election a in regional context, or a even European context, the but only context that it terrifies is national the context.
It is for also these reasons that the Middle East conflict is not which something has nothing to do with but us, is the central in issue the future of European security.
18. we must reject first the and third sections of Amendment No 5, with Amendments together Nos 17 and Finally,
I Mr support Demetriou’s report and hope that in consultation this procedure, the Commission grant Parliament’s will amendments the necessary weight in the Finally, directive.
I urge of the the Member representatives States to once and for all come up with some answers to these problems, instead of imitating the three in monkeys hearing nothing, saying nothing, and seeing nothing.
Was it worth seeking between agreement the Council and EP? the
Thus, whether through the Deal New in Newcastle fair or in trade Freetown, Labour' s of aim opportunity for all remains the same.
Madam consumers Commissioner, demand labelling, but it does not solve the problem of safety.
The Commission bear should this in mind when on embarking future activities.
Evidently, the European Union must carry out a political assessment of the sanctions.
Commissioner, I you for thank your persistence in this matter.
In this context, I should like therefore to ask your opinion of the for procedures employing citizens from the new Member States the in EU institutions.
part was This of Commission's the communication, as endorsed by Parliament and Council, and therefore contradicts positions adopted previously by this House.
First, No Amendment 1. On the official pretext of easing the administrative burden winegrowers, this on amendment have the may unwanted effect of making it difficult to monitor the quality of wines and grape musts.
the Day Christmas attempt to up blow the aircraft in the USA, we seen have what amounts to a knee-jerk reaction to impose any means possible to enhance Following security.
For example, the General Affairs Council on 19 March decided once again not table to critical a motion in United the sub-committee in Nations Geneva, dealing with human rights in abuses China.
The Commission seek to should strengthen between the synergies development pillar and the security and development pillar by creating new external action instruments the for post-2013 period.
Tonight we are an discussing unnecessary EUR 10 million.
certain have I serious reservations about full decoupling, which carries high risks of the of abandonment production for stockbreeding and even for Personally, crops.
a Would unilateral Swedish ban on brominated fire retardants be regarded hampering as the movement free of goods thus as and an infringement of EU law?
1995. has been steadily integrating into the European area since trade its accession to the European Economic (EEA) Area in Liechtenstein
order to assert our fundamental they need values, to be down laid in as writing, a of matter urgency, and, beyond this IGC, I believe we owe Europe a In constitution.
The European Constitution approved by summit the incorporates the previous Treaties which safeguard the freedom big of business and reversal the the of achievements and rights of working classes the and grass roots.
This is the point. central would I like the President to elaborate on this point specific because be it will relevant for the whole of next year when we discuss this specific declaration of assurance.
This is the situation are we facing today: there is a rise steep in energy prices, including fuels, and are there symptoms clear of a global food crisis, while at the same time is there a in rise food commodity prices.
Where the British people have given been choice, a they have rejected regionalisation overwhelmingly.
But the cannot be same said for the US which has only a offered six-year phase-in period that is subject to some substantial derogations.
The first two measures significantly will enhance the protection of environment the aquatic respect with to toxicity, and the third will also benefit the health of with respect consumers to allergies.
As some of you this in Assembly know well, there have been two of ways out getting from communist regimes after liberating the collapse of USSR the - the European one and the one: nationalistic the rule of law the rule and of fear.
That remains possibility a for the long though term it take some time would because one would first have to get in place the necessary legal framework.
For these reasons, it seems necessary more than ever for the Commission, which counts the prosperity well-being and consumers of among its principles and values, to urgently adopt appropriate so measures as to similar prevent situations from occurring detriment to the European of citizens.
It is not perfect.
Reports coming out of of arbitrary Belarus arrests of members civil of opposition society and activists, of the use of excessive force against peaceful demonstrators and of repression of independent media journalists are evidence practices of which should, and must, be terminated immediately.
Perhaps might it a be better if system one could just go up to the front desk somewhere and point out a to of staff member that name one's was not on the list, rather than having to rise inform and the whole House.
129. Mr ladies and gentlemen, behalf on of the GUE/NGL I Group, would that ask the reports by Mr Sarlis Mr and Swoboda be referred back to committee pursuant to Rule President,
is a scarcity on the cotton worldwide market, and is it true that Pakistan one is of the main cotton There producers.
Mr President it is not often I share a short straw with colleague, my Ken Collins, but following the previous speaker, I not only contradict him, I but of contradict some the points that Ken Collins been has making.
At the moment, the last rapporteur - who tabled an amendment contrary to the agreement we reached had - wanted to reinsert a to provision the effect discrimination that against women men and the in context of reconciling family and career duties counts as discrimination for the of purposes the directive.
Clearly a if developing country spending is all of its other resources on the purchase of equipment military and then relying on a certain amount of aid for expenditure social then is there something wrong in balance of the that country's use of resources.
There was in a time past the when we were assessing, for example, the plan for action Community for and 1993-1995 looking towards the future and talking about Philoxenia the multiannual programme.
Producers not will agree to increases in levies the on premiums to something finance that will lead to them being put out of business.
If all the precautions taken by Parliament in this matter are there respected, is that no doubt maritime will transport benefit.
On Thursday 28 June, German the High Provincial Court and Court of Appeal upheld the appeal brought by a private German rest home for people elderly who are not self-sufficient, which is a of member association an of private European rest homes known as ECHO, ruling the that law German which grants funding aid and to public rest homes but not private to rest for elderly homes people with is disabilities illegal.
It therefore is create important to a new structured approach in order to prevent undesirable an macroeconomic in imbalance all Member States and to correct it.
Effective implementation is connected with better legislation.
May I remind you that the penalty is death not the only place where we run up against matters of and life death in politics and law.
As you say, have we a tradition long of social partnership agreements in Ireland.
principle The of reciprocity in tax information sharing is also in line the with agreements within the and the OECD G20.
We in Scotland know painful how it is for the fishing when industry crisis conditions are reached, cannot but we solve problems in the EU exporting by them.
I believe that the has EU a duty to a balanced encourage approach to farming on based areas, criteria of proportionality and suitability, without overlooking national identities or the side effects of agriculture.
Iran (press code)
It should borne be in mind, however, that our own work method here at the Parliament carries also within it an of element that danger.
We need just to use them.
It is thus a great honour for me to have this opportunity to present some thoughts on European issues to this Assembly.
As I said, the issue of debt a is symptom of much more a global issue, namely development.
For example, one of the targeted practices by the is legislation prize draw where swindles, consumers and encouraged – often via phone mobile text to messaging – ring a premium-rate number for a prize that does not exist.
Allow to me begin with parts those with which we agree.
This is case a of 'looking at the speck in someone else's eye and failing to see the plank in own our eye'.
EU members to responded my appeals and supported to our efforts overcome the difficulties sending, by among other things, an investment mission to Korea.
I think have we reached an agreement with the Commission information that will be provided to at us intervals and in a that form allows to us monitor that spending in the way we want to.
These are that questions we want to raise behalf on of citizens and passengers, too.
I will start with Cappato the report.
It will be more difficult, these under conditions, increase to company contributions charges' and .
What we can see going on around us are events the accompany a shift in the distribution of power.
I am convinced that we will win; this will constitution become real Europe. in
The protection our of forests is a truly major initiative that concerns the of future the entire planet.
The provision contained in the Directive a defends between balance different the legal assets to be preserved.
The alternative resolutions tabled substantially modified the and Report, did not meet the position consistent we held have for 5 years now.
But it would have been to unfair have sprung it on him at short such notice. As he said, Parliament has always been at the forefront of fight the against fraud and we see that not only what in he to, the referred creation of the Unit, UCLAF but also its endowment with staff both and resources in order to do the job.
between co-operation equal partners, with the EU as the driving force will all in probability yield significant Successful benefits.
on behalf the of EFD Group. - Madam President, this report's fundamental weakness is it that completely the ignores observations by made the Court of Auditors in its annual reports.
With this directive, once enacted, we will be new breaking effectively ground in protecting the environment in Europe.
Every State Member has a different level of facilities.
The next would therefore be in 1998 and I through hope that our combined strength we can prevent it.
The others have who arrived until now are being evacuated, is that to say in assisted returning home, by the Egyptian authorities, incidentally with the of help EU Member States.
Only five Member States have so far ratified that, and it seems at appropriate this call to moment for wider among ratification accession countries and others as a of matter urgency.
thirty About minutes ago, Commissioner, you sat there, as I did, and listened to your colleague Mrs Gradin about talk European the Union's free trade ideals.
There . are problems regarding the term "author"
European instrument, European this attachment order under that is discussion, really could complement national legislation and hence deal the with serious infringements of creditors' rights that occur a on transnational This basis.
is, This of course, a but nickname, it also demonstrates that is Parliament not racist, since even native a - albeit with some retraining can - to rise be a Vice-President of Parliament.
The outcome that was gender operated equality to the advantage of the men.
President, Mr I would like Mr Sainjon explain to he how intends to proceed with paragraph 21 if he Amendment supports No by 9 the PPE Group.
Surely we could expected have that the Rome Summit have would agreed an action plan to this stop slaughter.
Regarding fiscal policy, a emphasis reinforced on fiscal sustainability is warranted because the of of impact the crisis on debt and growth potential, well as as the demographic factors kicking in.
draft resolution also that suggests balance the of votes within the Governing Council should be published The anonymously.
Otherwise, programme the will be not accepted and it will also for fail economic reasons.
If we start with 20% or – other any percentage – of voluntary modulation, then strikes this at the very root of common the agricultural policy.
These are the we need matters to engage with at EU level.
of your vice-chairmen said a at discussion Vienna in that it was quite extraordinary that a Communist could a become member of the European Commission, whereas a Catholic could not, and that, is precisely, what I find extremely problematic in view the of myths that being are One generated.
By reducing those manufacturers costs, improve will their competitive position, with resulting benefits for consumers.
We very are glad to hear of the outcome of the trialogue and the Commission's today promising proposals statement for the revision of No Regulation 1408/71.
legislative launch of the Action Service External required amendments to the Financial Regulation but, for the first this time, has been done under the ordinary The procedure.
Many colleagues have spoken already with regard to the current series crises, of and, at outset, the I want pay to tribute to both your presidency and to President for Barroso the decisive action that was taken when the issue with regard the cutting-off to of the gas supply to the European Union brought was about, and not just because we apportioned blame because but immediately intervened we a on social level, an economic level on and political a level to both bring sides to sit to talk down each other they where had failed before.
Failing to adopt these could measures mean that Europe becomes a region without a sector is that dependent on imports and third countries.
It was therefore no surprise that the heavy fall in demand in vehicles that we experienced last summer was then followed by an economic downturn in all the sectors other of the economy.
have a feeling that has the Commission not yet fully recognised the significance of the energy I issue.
The treaty will new bring major changes in the area of freedom, security and as justice a result of the introduction a of number new of legal bases.
protectionism This hampers access to international markets for small and enterprises, medium-sized which form the backbone the of European economy, adding a further burden and restrictions.
like, would finally, to remind you the that Council asked the Commission look to into possibility the of facilitating access to aid for research and I development.
I was glad to hear the say Commissioner a few moments ago that the Commission now, at long last, plans to present a communication Kosovo, on Mr Schmit and also said that the Council would try to ensure that the increased in interest this region would be backed up by action.
I can give you some more specific of the examples work to be carried out by this In Institute. particular it will validate one two methods, involving general screening and the other which will be more specific, for the of detection genetically modified organisms staple in for foods, example soya bean or maize flour.
sectors: next is item the joint debate on four for motions resolution on the Millennium bug: military, civilian nuclear and The
President, Madam ladies and gentlemen, in my contribution I would like say to about something the role of the Union European and our House in this conflict.
would I more even welcome the Commission itself taking powers to monitor and prosecute those Member States which do not bother to supervise their own inspectors, and both certainly to inspect monitor, and, if need be, those prosecute companies which transport live animals and them subject to the most cruel treatment.
s is to difficult see how the destruction of Gaza the airport, the destruction of an EU-funded forensic laboratory and the destruction of vast areas of arable land can help fight terrorism or increase Israel' It security.
Tropical diseases such malaria, as and tuberculosis sickness sleeping claim millions of victims every year.
3.
Falsified contracts, imaginary reports and disappearing documents are apparently regarded the Commission by high-spirited as pranks.
While is ineffective, that it is very much what one expect would from the conduct of many Member States, for, 22 although of them committed to themselves a programme of reconstruction, only nine of them according have, to Commission’s the website, handed over any money so far.
I proposed that outer the circle of cooperation and integration would be the European Council, to which we give could new duties.
E). warmly welcome the view rapporteur's that this Parliament must pursue a policy of openness complete transparency and regard with the to way in which this institution operates (recital I
This not is just a Spanish problem.
of Members the Council and the how Commission, feasible is this excellent suggestion?
In that respect, the we agreement are voting on today does not go far enough in terms of transparency.
The cooperation between Parliament, Member States and the Commission must remain in place and be stepped if we up are to the achieve aims that we all to wish fruitful attain.
In the same way, the reports on the investment facility should include on information the results of programmes financed.
Thousands of cancer victims are denied expensive life-saving drugs.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies gentlemen, and Sir Robert Atkins has, in view, my compiled a sound report.
However, do I not believe that anyone would enter a into programme like this with the intention of ever withdrawing again.
no have doubt that we do will that on several occasions in the coming months and and I years, certainly look forward to the of questions honourable Members this I afternoon.
I was among those who were opposed to the war, but I cannot from refrain expressing deep satisfaction at the that fact people a that has lived under oppression for so long is now being given the opportunity to its build own future.
It is to be hoped that the target of a 25% in reduction administrative the will burden be ahead reached of 2012.
President of the Commission. - I Frankly, do not the understand concern is that behind your question.
the report by Dariusz Rosati behalf on of the Committee for Monetary Economic and Affairs on the Eurozone annual report 2007 and (2007/2143()INI)
Clearly where there is an absolute of shortage capacity choices have to be made.
Ladies and gentlemen, in a weeks' few time, between 4 and 7 June, the citizens of the European Union will elect the new European Parliament.
Their efforts been have as rewarded, a number of the amendments that are we examining today improve the Commission's initial proposal, presented 13 on 2005. December
Major cross-border investments in research, example, for be will needed.
I have voted in of the favour report, the as problems of legal uncertainty will be taken into account by the rapporteur.
is an unfortunate fact that this cannot be left to the Council and the alone, Commission and so will we carry on your biting at It heels.
I believe this is a fair compromise the between interests of and passengers airline the and I companies therefore believe that we all should vote for the substance of this report.
What is the point of having internal stability if the surrounding environment is unstable?
There are many precise laws, and and consumers businesses not be may sufficiently aware of their and rights duties in the digital environment.
The EU in being succeeds a Union law under only to the extent that it an has effective set of judicial tribunals.
So we need find to out who of all these was or not was to blame and we must, of be necessity, level-headed and persistent.
Parliament. that connection we will also work closely the with European In
We vote will on them this but week it will be to all intents and purposes a formality.
The only acceptable answer for of the sake health public is to ban the import of such products altogether.
Specialists make proposals how about existing scientific mentality and culture can be broadened and more made open, but the challenge now is to put that into effect.
safety and is, will remain, priority absolute an for EU, the this and why is the Commission attaches great importance to efforts that facilitate the safe decommissioning of nuclear reactor units that have been deemed not to be to upgradeable the necessary safety Nuclear standards.
I think we that in this Chamber should say clearly loudly and that must this be an instrument with which we tackle the disgraceful ways which in are animals transported.
Monetary union is now a reality.
My fourth and final point, the and one I consider most important, is that must we ensure that we have also a single European airspace and we must establish a system of uniform air traffic control in order to reduce delays and congestion.
differences between the Euro Zone countries and the new States Member are even more The telling.
you, Thank Commissioner Wallström.
We completely support the view that cultural is diversity a fundamental right.
Mr asked Paasilinna how we could accelerate access for the States. Member
the very least, the Union should invest in an Internet site, in the 20 official languages, Community which would be accessible to general the At public.
A strict limit will be placed on restructuring aid, strengthened and monitoring provisions will be introduced.
'More Europe' not must mean more of an over-bearing omnipresent, Europe.
President, Mr all that I am asking is for to you implement provisions the of Rule 162(3), which under one fifth Members of of Parliament may call for secret a ballot.
I would like now to highlight two thoughts from complex this material.
I have referrals seven to the Rules of Procedure in respect of what you have just said: wish I to explain each of seven the referrals to different Rules of Procedure: they 96(2), are 143(2), 96(1), 99, and 97(2), 124(2). 51(1)
Europe is in its most precarious situation since economic the end the of Second World War.
But you say cannot that that cannot be done!
Our powerlessness is with combined anger.
the draftsman opinion of of on the Committee Employment and Social Affairs. (PT) - Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, behalf on of the on Committee Employment and Social Affairs, with and regard to budget management, would I like to begin by expressing our concern at the fact that outstanding budgetary commitments continued have to rise and that combined this, with the replacement of the n+2 rule by n+3, a which change some States Member are due to implement for the period 2007 to 2013, might worsen the situation, the with result that funds may take longer to reach their ultimate recipients.
Sometimes it takes application.
One further formal criterion participation for in monetary union the is independence of each central country's bank.
Otherwise, the measures will not have any substantially discernible effects in of cleaner terms and healthier air.
The debate in committee and also within the themselves groups was not lacking disagreements, sometimes in lively, which are typical an of across-the-board confrontation that transcends the respective political positions.
Madam President, Commissioner Commissioner Lamy, Reding, ladies and gentlemen, world trade some guarantees 20% of jobs in Europe, which that means if we larger gain markets, we sell can more and create additional jobs.
current The motion of has censure its as direct cause the refusal by Parliament to grant discharge for 1996.
First, let me sum up what have we this done year.
immediate of ending the public hate campaign against Christians Turkish beneath the of allowing cover the loaded doubly negative term 'missionary activities' in schoolbooks and local media, as if Turkish Christians were, by definition, subversive and bent undermining on the The state.
It is in fact issue on an which the leaders of groups simply have give to their backing to those in their who ranks working are to combat poverty.
It provides the framework for the way which in the programme of is to measures be implemented.
It my is understanding that the increase to a period continuous of maternity leave of least at 20 weeks allocated before and/or after confinement, a with compulsory minimum of six weeks after childbirth, a is step forward in of terms woman's a right to reconcile family and professional life.
draftsman the of opinion of the Committee on Regional - Development. Madam (CS) Commissioner, President, ladies and gentlemen, I should first like to commend Morgan Mrs on her work, including the negotiated compromise, which reflects the views of political the various among groupings the Committee membership as as well gained experience in the field.
have I heard also that the Council is set to hold debate a on the Cuba situation in coming the days.
There is no truth with a letter, capital indisputable and revered the without help of critical reasoning.
with such a contradiction and to the due exceptional of gravity the challenges, I propose, Mr President, that should Parliament invite the President of the to ECB explain himself to Faced us.
The countries of the neighbourhood policy do not a constitute whole, geographically, either culturally, economically or politically.
Revision of Rule 139 the of Rules of (vote) Procedure
as says, he has he received direct threats from who people to purport be supporters or members of the UK Independence Party, he should forward those names to me immediately, because people those would immediately disciplinary face proceedings and be expelled from our If, party.
rapporteur's The suggestions fill in gaps the and, if up, taken would turn the EIA into a instrument fully-fledged for establishing the overall environmental consequences of projects which impact on the natural world.
As Mrs Randzio-Plath has out, pointed we have just the adopted Lamfalussy procedure, do we not yet have any experience how of it is working and we want to continue restrict to the possible participation of without Parliament whether verifying this procedure is working effectively.
It is to necessary value work and workers, protect to productive sectors and public services, to effectively make economic power subordinate to power, political to combat punish and corruption economic and as crime, as well to bring an end to tax havens.
There are young people out there misinterpret who HIV a as negligible risk, and it is particularly that important we with engage them on their own ground cognitive prompt and to them think about the consequences of infection.
The picture that emerges from reports the shows that further are improvements needed on many points.
This is not of a question propaganda or a party political campaign.
Thank  you.
said He was this for people the of Ulster. It was for all who those helped to pursue the peace process in culminating the peace agreement of Good Friday.
EU. long as the cost of keeps inputs and rising, extra-regulatory continue requirements to increase, then many exit farmers will the industry, resulting in land abandonment, lack of economic activity in rural areas and a in reduction production food across the As
That would create true transparency, greater credibility and greater ultimately trust.
agree the that Commission should initiate the negotiations as soon as possible, provided, course, of Montenegro that continues to move the towards EU's I targets.
However, it is also responsibility the of Europe to take up issue, this which falls its within remit.
environmentally one the hand we ask applicant countries take to on board the acquis environmental and yet, at the very same time, the EU Member are States and supporting investment encouraging in those countries which is itself hugely On damaging.
The efforts already deployed in this direction by regional and national professional organisations show that is this the right way.
Mr President, this is the second time we that are conducting debate a in a plenary session of the European Parliament specifically on focused the of situation the Roma.
is It my intention today to inform you of agenda the preparatory and relating work to the European Council meeting in Tampere.
It our is common duty.
the In context of the 2007-2013 lifelong learning programme, all languages are eligible for financing, thus including German-speaking minorities.
Parliament has never gone back on commitment its to support this fully.
is It very important for the European to Parliament be tougher this on matter and a have greener approach than the European Commission.
The Return European Fund is yet another step towards promoting policy the anti-immigration of the ΕU.
The brutal use of force and introduction which censorship, of bans television channels from broadcasting anything other programmes than approved by government, the are violations of basic human rights.
I If can say that in under two it not minutes, is unreasonable to expect the Commission and Eurostat to get act their together in three years.
2003. is in accordance the with decisions taken in External the Relations Council in November That
A hypocritical report, a which shows report the cowardly attitude of the Europe of towards institutions terrorism.
It does, however, strike me that report this steers clear of a few important political that issues have arisen during the of discussion this topic, and so a more comprehensive discussion would have been desirable.
in - (FR) I abstained in the on vote motion the for resolution a on homophobia in Europe. writing.
However, flexibility should a not be for byword a diminution of standards or of the protection of workers' rights.
I hope we will still manage to achieve modern food legislation prior to enlargement the of Union.
Indeed, public if now companies fail to show pension liabilities in their accounts, the director would face prison, yet national government finance ministers flout rules the daily.
Thirdly, assessment has been made on the sustainability of public in finances light of ageing populations based information on provided in stability and an convergence programmes.
Unfortunately, this global economic crisis highlights the worst our of and nationalist populist views.
The agreement passed on 23 June in Brussels a is compromise, complicated one that was reached after much effort in a Council that is marked more national by the tensions of some by than the universal sharing the of European a compromise spirit; reached at the of expense the ridiculous relinquishment of the symbols EU and of the appalling on opt-out the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
One further request, both to Parliament' s President and to the Council and the Commission: the texts are still deficient in so far the as specialist terminology in specific the languages is not correct.
What was their crime?
At this juncture, these are all feasible the and undertakings practical we can give try to and resolve an appalling and long-lasting bloody situation.
The decisions by the summit in set Dublin in motion the replacement of the army NATO in by Bosnia euro-army, approved the aggressive the plan for the Middle East, ratified and legalised the occupation of promoted Iraq, policy terrorist against the peoples and applied new anti-democratic measures, such as biometric data, personal files global and much more.
Nevertheless, you are right: this is an that issue has not been handled reasonable in a manner - understand I this by - the Parliamentary Bureau.
Pompidou report
We fairly are sceptical about the active and intelligent materials.
That is very clear.
Let me refer to two that examples have been brought up during several times today’s debate.
A to return penalty this is not possible at present, I but am counting on the fact that a favourable more climate will prevail in EU the in future.”
This is still not case the at present.
So this I is, think, a positive evolution.
The aim was to update, clarify, and, above all, simplify, the existing rules in area the of driving times and resting times, with a view to establishing fair competition among road hauliers, traffic safety and guaranteeing the social interests of the people in work who the transport sector. road Previous documents appeared to overshoot this target completely.
Perhaps once the Treaty of Lisbon enters finally force into 1 on December, the British domestic debate can policy also be left outside this Chamber.
I realise it is to the up authorities British decide to on what criteria they students, arrest but they had a duty, which they failed to honour, to tell the authorities in Greece, as State another Member the of European Union.
On the Tindemans report, like von Mr Habsburg, I should like to point out that North suffering Korea is a from serious food shortage.
Member of the Commission. - I think I heard have this before.
Commission. there is a clear message the about difficulty of characterising torts inherent in the method used by the Here
It is clear that we all consider the to elections fundamentally be flawed.
Madam Commissioner, President, you said you that had not held a press conference.
The on decision initiating draft negotiations and negotiations for membership with Cyprus the and eastern main European countries very is important.
We have never called for economic sanctions against country our and we are perfectly aware such that sanctions primarily hit the citizens ordinary of Belarus.
Discussion of the multiannual new financial framework will start soon.
Most importantly, is there the principle that the public must be furnished necessary with the information electronic through media providing access to the institutions' documents. Secondly, the public receive, must inter alia, about information the right to participate decision-making in in the forms and permitted quantities - we touched on this just now.
We must emphatically underline that is it not economic purely in character.
At same the time, EU legislation in field has this been inefficient, as the existing on directives waste, some of which currently to apply mining waste, are ineffective and ill-suited to this industrial type of production.
Here too we require new a international coalition.
I should like to concur with comments the made by Mr von Boetticher, which spawned a huge of number last questions year.
They the are fundamental of all rights people regardless of they who are, where or to whom they are born.
I recall comment a the by Chinese delegate at Kyoto, who said that the Americans have three per cars family whereas the go to Chinese work foot on and yet the Americans and the Europeans want to the stop Chinese from to going on work the bus.
- creating plans recovery for fisheries resources, in light of the social and economic impact of the closed seasons;
Finally, (EN) Mrs Echerer reminded all us in this room that we have different backgrounds.
The logistics very what of is needed the down line, even on the basis of the best scenario, case pose a formidable challenge.
in It - is with regret I that listened to the debate the on future of and Europe heard the Swedish Prime Minister question the agriculture budget the in EU. writing.
Regrettably, many others not were adopted.
Instead, sufficient time is needed transpose to these far-reaching measures into national legislation.
The ruling has its own logic and it is quite to comprehensible me.
unambiguous the aim of Commission is to create a pan-European area where freedom, safety and justice The prevail.
Mr Blokland tried to list what was available already on the market.
I also wish to dispute much of substance the of what you said.
Under these conditions, we can agree fully with the and report are enthusiastic about the work of Mr Trakatellis.
So, of course I support proposal your as but, you will understand, I support without it enthusiasm.
Amendment Thirdly, No 112 in Spiers the report will make the chairs of responsible intergroups for an making annual declaration any of assistance in cash or kind received such by groups and making that available the to public.
you As Hamas know, has taken of control the government; is it not a coalition government, but a Hamas government, and unfortunately the programme presented by its Prime Minister, Ismail Haniya, is not to acceptable the international community.
On the hand, other I do not think it is as necessary, proposed in Amendment No 44, to specify supplementary premium the for dykes salt and marshes.
Do you not think that this contradicts all principles the that been have including expressed, by the Treaty itself?
. Mr – President, ladies gentlemen, and initiative this is intended prevent, to in time, the execution in the of Philippines Francisco Larrañaga, a young European Spanish of nationality.
Laeken. It stated the Presidency's objective to was contribute decisively to concluding negotiations the with all the candidate which countries are prepared by the end of the second half 2002, of thereby following up on the conclusions of the previous European Councils of Gothenburg and that
I give my vote to this initiative, while deploring the that this fact will initiative have no real impact.
In Scotland, we had at a world-leading Peterhead proposal for a demonstrator site.
We have to change the way we communicate with citizens and it is right their to engage with us.
In such circumstances, case-by-case assessment may be necessary to determine the best option.
I hope that the Croatians will be consulted directly on the of accession their country to the and Union that their will, that unlike of the French, the Irish and the be Dutch, will respected.
has, Parliament notwithstanding the approach by taken the Court of passed Auditors, those accounts year-in year-out, so there doubt is no whatsoever the that Commission has been led to the view that these not were matters of sufficiently concern high to Parliament.
I think, in such a context, that it would responsible be to take into account and respond to all the financial fiscal obligations the of European Union, but also to bear in mind the context of austerity which is the reality in the Member States.
Lannoye Mr proposing is a report that has two-fold in merit that seriously it vigorously and tackles the problem of sustainable development, but without and fundamentalism with necessary the flexibility to accept the majority of the amendments by tabled the political groups.
The chairman understood my position.
you Do not that see insisting countries that with such weak economies adhere strictly to the irrational criteria the of Stability and Pact Growth is leading to greater disparities, inequalities, and unemployment poverty?
This would mean that the deadline prohibition for of use the of R134a would now be 2017 rather than 2011.
It is having 52 weeks poorly of paid maternity leave.
We are your allies.
The countries in the east south and enjoy must same the opportunities, it making necessary to rebalance the Neighbourhood Policy.
We the hope efforts have we initiated to the reverse blocking of MEDA can be pursued successfully by the Irish presidency, so as to permit the entry into force of the regulation by January 1 1997.
In a world by dominated three such institutions, greater diversity is needed, along a with new way of working.
The European Union's democratic deficit an has negative obvious impact on the climate package.
This decline has with brought it the disappearance of technology acquired over centuries and has weakened industry's to it links at all levels, in particular shipyards.
On the the contrary, part landmasses of are the Arctic and countries four million people already live there, a third of these being indigenous people.
This why, is like the rapporteur, I wish to stress that the Court of Auditors at may any investigate time the extent to use which Parliament's its of appropriations from the budget conforms with the in rules force.
First,  employment.
Written declarations 116): (Rule see Minutes
The cultivation of biomass, for contribute example, can efficiently in decreasing the greenhouse which effect, is caused primarily by CO2, by buffering the CO2 emission.
Some Members, want however, every airline with a capital to share be defined automatically as a parent company.
We also note that the report does sufficiently not take account into the lack of democratic of legitimacy the Parliament. European
The Commission's proposal contains an exclusion would which these allow states to opt out the of principle of a common market in the case of these controversial products.
This not is a question of instruments for the communitarisation of debts, would as be the case Eurobonds. with
We hope that the new regulation will make it possible consumers not for to have to unbearable face prices in future.
It incorporates concept the of the ‘safe country of so origin’, that asylum seekers denied are the right to have their applications examined in first the place.
Of course, have we the case of Leyla Zana, who is a constant slap in the face of European Parliament the and I how wonder we still suffer this situation to continue.
This is specific, my supplementary question.
can endorse of many especially them, the call to include a very wide spectrum of serious crimes in their money-laundering legislation, continue work to on the Europol Convention and for all the Member States ratify to Vienna the and Strasbourg We conventions.
To conclude, the while online market for music still is flux, in legislating in favour a of particular licensing model would appear premature.
The investigation is way, under and shall we not speculate on its results.
I am saying that primarily to Council. the
The desired outcome to is solve the conflict, but that is not a prerequisite Cyprus's for accession.
President, Commissioner, and ladies gentlemen, agreements are reached through agreement the and promises in made agreements should be Madam kept.
Issues relating to jobs, wages, working conditions, respect minorities, for the fight against racism, and so on, a have great to deal do human with rights.
This, my in view, led to limited results the at Council, last because of the crisis, debt amongst other reasons.
We know that, if there more is than one employer to between, there choose is a much greater chance of higher wages.
I like would this same to conviction underpin current reflection on the future Europe. of
we As have heard, just Iranian the Government has, in recent years, acceded a to number of UN Conventions, including that the on of rights the child, and signed up to Declaration the of Human Rights.
I do not intend responding in detail.
They well were informed, thoughtful, adult in their attitude.
This an is task important which we need to carry out together step by step.
I am delighted see to that Kofi and Annan the Presidents of Tanzania and Uganda will be there shortly to try and broker some sort of deal.
Cyclone Dean, with winds blowing at over km/h, 200 the was one of most violent hurricanes to hit the Antilles Arc in more than 20 years: caused it extensive damage to the agricultural sector and the to electricity and telecommunications networks in Martinique and Guadeloupe, the of EU's two ultraperipheral regions.
Forced confessions are used as evidence in trials.
I do not think so.
A referendum also has been announced about a possible third in term office the for President.
I can tell that you all those I met were than more of aware the European s Parliament' long-standing contribution to peace the process in Northern Ireland.
is necessary also for the Parliament to be fully informed and It involved.
We have also that proposed States Member place obligation on an their energy distributors or retailers above a certain size, requiring them offer to their end-use customers energy efficiency measures or, alternatively, fulfil other energy efficiency obligations, while the allowing necessary flexibility.
has repeatedly been urged in this House we that should renegotiate the Blair It House agreement.
Madam President, the International Criminal is Court a major achievement in the improvement of the international rule of law of and for respect human rights.
We introducing suggest automatic information so exchange that information really between flows the different countries.
There are two types of interconnection that need we to separate.
In short, openness the by authorities pays off.
Consequently, with a view to raising quality the of life of city-dwellers, Community Europe’s law needs to go further, by adopting urban sustainable and management transport plans.
December. wonder why the pharmaceutical has industry adopted the position The it latter resulted in the United States rejecting the compromise on the table I in has.
Thank you to everyone, and especially to gave those who their views on these other topics, and am I confident that the European Council will progress successfully.
The Commission hopes that it serve will as a model for other cigarette producers.
in The increase the status of the European Parliament also with brings it greater legislative obligations.
One especially important aspect of research, development, vehicle is as I understand a it special interest of the Commissioner for Research, Mrs Cresson, this and is an area I where think a deal great of highly work creative can done be in Europe, which will also help of the development our industry.
We do not think it strong is enough.
there Then is the point that the Regulation 820/97 applicable still contains the obligation introduce to the compulsory system by 1 January 2000.
It important is to learn in more a complete way about the major cumulative and impact human activity on has nature.
To the fellow travellers of Sinn Fein who are propagating on misinformation the Lisbon Treaty, I say to that you there is a triple lock system Ireland in on the deployment of troops: first of all, there must be a UN decision; there secondly, must be a decision; government and thirdly, it be must approved by Éireann, Dáil national the parliament.
The next chair will have a real mandate.
You have been an example to all us of and for us, as Members of Parliament, you are you and will remain example the to follow.
- Report: Jo Leinen
On a similar theme, the industry is keen the for choice of director executive to be based on objective criteria of experience and technical rather knowledge, on than criteria. political is It important to that acknowledge the joint SESAR undertaking is an instrument for managing a technological and research development programme and has no regulatory-type role.
Those who, with a beer in the evening, charms enjoy the of some beautiful, girl poor, weak from the former eastern bloc?
is out of this web of misunderstandings the between European Union and its peoples that we want to escape and we hope, President, that Mr the Luxembourg help Presidency will us do to just It that.
They are rather interested real, in the pure basic research that they do, can which lead to on the wonderful innovations that we can see in countries, not just but throughout indeed Europe throughout the world.
In the negotiation processes and in Guatemala El Salvador, the role of European the Union was fundamental.
will simplify fisheries management in the as Baltic a whole make and it more efficient, because the same set of rules will That apply.
I too feel that must we do everything we can to these sustain small in-shore fishing fleets.
So will we be having a constructive Madam dialogue, President.
That is why I that believe the limit should age be raised to a of 16, minimum the as harm suffered by children just is as profound whether they are under 10, or 11, or 12 13 years of age.
In any event, ladies and gentlemen, I am convinced that there a is solid for basis a final agreement, and that together will find we a sound solution for all the people of Europe.
The average rate birth in the EU is children, 1.5 one of the lowest in the world; this can be only reversed with robust policies in support families, of which do not penalise and men women who decide to children, in have economic, tax and professional terms.
that is exactly what the British Government is to proposing do and, as we have already heard, in Westminster tomorrow will MPs be on voting whether to renew the nuclear Trident weapons system and take the UK and the rest of the world into a new nuclear and age a new arms nuclear But race.
This is the result of general the attitude and vision which the majority of Members fellow in present this Chamber have, which is that Bulgaria Romania and deserve to and must be part of the Schengen area.
In accordance with the them Member can, States in their operational programmes and projects, pay special attention to stimulating and employment development in the regions mentioned by the honourable Member in her question.
The task force said its that was aim to achieve a quantum in leap terms of more economic effective governance.
I therefore that hope Cyprus will enter the European as Union soon as possible.
It will be a cold for shower future candidates.
Moreover, the fact that are there several means operators that competition is secured.
Question 45 No by María Izquierdo Rojo (H-0538/02):
I call on my fellow Members not to vote for the Barroso Commission.
The    next item is a statement by the on services Commission in the internal market.
The effective protection of vulnerable critical infrastructures and services requires communication, coordination and cooperation which in all interested parties are involved, both at national and at European level.
a solution, largely financial will solution, have to be for found the band of intermediate regions, and what I am seeking to is do to ask the questions obtain to help the I need in order to find solutions appropriate when time the A comes.
However, it seems clear that negotiations not have fully addressed many serious other of concerns this Parliament and, of course, our of Socialist and Group. Democrat
Fine, I accept can but that, what you gives the right - you spoke of very specific criteria, so tell us what they are - what gives you right the to think that too much money has earmarked been for parts other of the world, from apart the fact that you need that money for Kosovo.
From the outset, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I assure can you that the fully Council shares your apprehension about situation the in Algeria, which we are following closely.
Parliament, however, could not accept the logic of this order of events.
To return to the more general issue, it a is fact that the crisis current has highlighted chronic sicknesses and weaknesses in of terms economic the coordination of the euro area and in terms of the global system governance of economic and, a as result, uncontrolled huge, power has been amassed the in globalised financial system.
Over the years most of us will have made on representations behalf of nationals our of own Member States who find that when take they advantage the of freedom of movement available to them within EU the and actually to move another they country are against discriminated because their qualifications are not recognised properly in their country new of residence.
We must see things as they really are.
This motion for a even resolution argues the case for the so-called ‘European Constitution’ and its use as a tool for achieving new and dangerous developments.
If one is to accept such a great challenge, one associated already with bellicose such language and accompanied – in that have figures already been produced for our consideration – by the of opening many secondary theatres of war, it a is good to thing keep a head cool and work through things in systematic a fashion.
The Union must on focus the essential, and work effectively for it. That the means sort of action that in results added compared value to what the Member States could do alone.
order In be to able to 350 provide of them with assistance, has Spain applied for the mobilisation of EUR 2 059 466 from the European Globalisation Fund. Adjustment
It is also a matter the of of credibility the European Union in the Arab world.
This is not academic an argument.
in writing. (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats voted in favour of this report, which is basically sound a one.
I see though, that, as appropriate.
That Europe should lay down who should have the right to vote in my for country, example; that European institutions not do show the least respect for language the laws of that Flanders; Europe avoids referendums like the that plague; of benefits in scale the form of efficiency, so highly praised, by are means no always realized.
Another aspect, which about am I both disappointed and pleased, is transparency.
next The she day was to represent the family of the murdered Anna Politkovskaya at court a hearing Moscow. in
The debate is closed.
long of list issues important on human rights are covered by the report and I hope the that resolution will be voted tomorrow with a big majority in A favour.
President Khatami said – and my colleague Mr van den Bos has also this said – elections that are a of symbol democracy.
The same goes for electromagnetic fields, to which hundreds of millions of people are exposed, even though we very know little about their effects.
As regards the process peace the in East, Middle they are both to committed working towards a peaceful solution in with line the road map.
We sit must where these people we sit, must recognise the they circumstances that are in, and we must do everything in our power seek to to help them their in dire plight.
We do have political a available, means however, which is to adopt a motion of censure against the on Commission, the grounds that the report indicates that it too made serious mistakes.
the Despite many declarations made by the European and Union by Poland about cooperation with the Federation, Russian my is concern aroused by fact the that September, in thousands of Russian took soldiers part military in exercises named 'West 2009' in Belarus.
It is important that the understands House the crucial of nature getting that agreement through this House if we are to demonstrate the transparency which Mr De Vries spoke about.
On the same day as we adopted the framework programme, we also adopted the special paper dealing with of questions simplification.
Mr President, me let put Mr comments Allister's into context: the European Parliament costs each citizen GBP 1.74 - I say for 'pounds' the Mr benefit Allister of - per year.
Ladies and gentlemen, the that deregulation resulted the from Bosman ruling be must counterbalanced today by clear an rules, in effort restore to true values to the EU's top sport.
I hope with that, good the of will all of you and with your support, we will finish them.
The Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance proposes even that goals should stricter be set for 2010 the than Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has recommended.
We need to allocate radio spectrum more efficiently in to the EU that ensure we do remain not behind other developed countries progressing the towards digital society.
The authors of the strategy mention the for need close cooperation Russia. with
It not easy; was points of view differed very widely.
Against this would backdrop, you make to every help effort Messrs Solana and Patten to have a fully operational capacity for the tasks Petersberg by 2003?
For period the of a year - and year a is a long time - he will have administer to all the releases of funds, as well as reserves. the Make no mistake: we shall have someone open, coherent and fair to engage with.
President, ladies and gentlemen, Council the Portuguese Presidency' s account has given me the distinct impression that are we approaching this Intergovernmental Conference with ideas well-considered and a degree high of Mr openness.
Of the amendments presented in the report, the Commission has difficulty no in accepting Amendments 1 Nos to referring 4 to the final objective the of aid, the need for a approach coherent in our various instruments for Community assistance and the need for social balance that in assistance.
If the Commission and Member States follow the fair and sensible advocated approach in this report, with transitional rather than overnight reductions funding, in calculated by a balanced set of criteria to decide which EU funding goes to which areas, believe I this would strengthen public understanding the of needed changes to secure the enlarged and more EU prosperous of tomorrow.
First of all, I give the to floor the Mrs author, Nadja Hirsch.
It can only cause with confusion the ALTENER programme.
(NL) Mr President, I endorse what the previous speakers have and said should like I to two highlight points in particular.
form What does Commission the propose the reform should take?
would I like to thank the Commission and those staff in its directorates-general who have been patient their in explanations have and explained their rationale preparing for the preliminary draft budget.
Parents forced are to work hours that make it difficult to combine work family and life take and of care their children.
The duty democratic of accountability laid down in resolution our on the democratic of accountability monetary institutions in Strasbourg means that we can the expect Central European Bank to report us, detailing to how it is exercising its scope for action independent in matters monetary of policy.
This bias surprises me much very because I hitherto have always regarded Mr Colajanni as one of the most balanced analysts of Middle the Eastern peace process.
Others, raised which or reflected even problems, of a political nature, we have tried to balance as far as possible.
Discussions with the US under authorities way, are but I understand that these authorities want still more.
I am there sure is a lot of other harmonization that could take place.
recently, Until the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner only Refugees for had access to part of the area between and Obundu Kisangani where most of the refugees are out hiding in groups in woodland.
clearly is stated in our Amendment 4. No I shall probably be tabling an oral amendment on this tomorrow, Commissioner, prior to the This vote.
Thank you, Mr Watson.
By (FR) of means vote, this we are now asked being to describe as acts of terrorism what, for us, are acts solidarity of and of - justice.
citizens. should is why I like once again to stress the need for us create to a new measuring instrument that is by shared of all the Member States and the counterbalanced by various These indicators would take - account as was highlighted a moment ago by the to Commissioner, whose remarks I fully subscribe not - of economic only of growth, course, unemployment, the level of equipment and the level research of and innovation, also but of points connected with people's quality life, of such as life expectancy, birth rates and level the of earnings of our That fellow indicators.
At the as moment, the President-in-Office of the Council, I have to my repeat original reply to the honourable Member's honourable friend.
Thank you much, and congratulations to my colleague Mrs Korhola for her excellent very work.
Last year the European warned the Parliament Council financing that for the European Galileo navigation system was too inadequate.
Commission The could show some flexibility vis-à-vis its original proposal of EUR 4.5 million a budget, but certainly not on such a drastic cut.
I believe the that report approved by the Committee on Policy Regional be should accepted by and Council the Commission.
welcome initiative the to include Switzerland in cooperation in this I area.
regards As WTO compatibility, the believes Commission its proposal is in line with international rules, 9 Article notably of the That GATT. provides that WTO members may adopt and enforce laws and relating regulations to marks origin of on imports, notably to protect against consumers fraudulent or misleading indications.
This of type is preparation the primary responsibility of the immediate parents, environment: the family, the school.
However, in Conference the Presidents, of we asked for the two to things kept be separate: urgent the issues which we discussing are now, in other words, the imminent executions, and question of the the relationship between the European Union and on China economic, cultural, political and defence and issues in other areas.
believe We there is something to said be for a study, if only to work a out action concrete plan. Proof can then be that established there will a only be in shift and jobs, the that possible social and transport problems in peripheral regions will be countered in all earnestness.
Today's approval of the Daul report does nothing for European citizens' health.
In other it words, depends on how the common free and European market is to going function.
This applies, for instance, to the report special on tourism.
Danish The Social Democrats a take sceptical view this, of since we wish maintain to the Nordic Passport Union alongside the Schengen cooperation.
by the the time Commission got around to producing the communication, it was being bombarded with notifications Member from States that would they begin to use the in opt-out their health-care in sectors response to the SIMAP and Jaeger Also, rulings.
. – Mr President, the rapporteur, Mr Paolo has asked Costa, me to deputise for him because the agenda the of session has changed and he to had be in Italy.
. What means is positive flexibility, and that what the is PPE Group is looking for in its aimed amendments at replacing the term 'reduction in working hours' in certain sections of the report with 'adaptation working of hours' this
First, it must ensure internal external and security.
accepted) oral amendment was (The
We know there are political sensitivities, and we are ready to address political those but sensitivities, procedures our must catch up with reality.
It simply will lead to European goods becoming uncompetitive, and our to being markets dominated by those who have not introduced such restrictions.
The first thing I would like to ask - and I am also addressing this request to my good Mr friend Bertel Haarder that - is we apply existing and the we rules that take Erika I and II in hand.
(Applause)
Perhaps the did House not remember that there is a deadline, but is my it - understanding and this is the prerogative of the or President the Rules Committee - that two once those have days passed, it not is possible, according the to Rules, to take the disciplinary action provided by for Rule 110.
also represent one of the few spheres where there are differences no between poor rich and between countries, those have who made more or less progress, where but Member States and applicants work together on the basis of equality and They partnership.
There are course of some regulations, framework but maritime transport and shipping are far more complex than other types transport of when it comes establishing to which state is to be responsible for investigating causes the of accidents.
In my view, a sufficient reduction in warming is possible only if we succeed in a setting up in global market carbon.
At the World Social Forum, for example, the debates world democratic concerned order, antimilitarism and the promotion of peace.
Finally, I deplore the that fact the disastrous monetary policy of the European Central Bank (ECB) been has not as criticised, monetary is policy not being put sufficiently the at service of economic growth.
us work to together end this year with a message of confidence that the European has Union unified a for vision its economy and is this putting vision in Let place.
A coherent, Community is approach required both for production and efficiency.
In common the economic area, conditions the must be created for a of economic strengthening relations. means This that trade and must investment be promoted, existing obstacles must be eliminated and, above all, that legal administrative provisions and must increasingly or comply be made compatible.
That was included with the list labels, of so this can be heritage intangible as well.
China is in all respects becoming more a and important more player on the and world stage, that also in applies the combating of terrorism where must we appreciate China's active support for serious this struggle.
They are to entitled more.
principle is bound to shifts cause in VAT That revenue.
The Council has taken due of note the European Parliament's amendments adopted on 20 concerning November modification the of the rules for OLAF investigations, and of the on debates this which issue, took place previously the within Committee on Budgetary Control.
Elements of such 'roadmap' a have announced been - a new constitution being is drawn up and submitted to referendum and presidential and parliamentary elections are be to held.
My to question Commissioner Patten how is: could this support be stepped up?
the But rapporteur Mr Tomlinson so, says and Mr Tomlinson is an honourable man.
the document is acceptable and in many respects excellent, but I cannot consent that the fight against violence towards children be carried out partly through ‘the inclusion new of family or models’, that the European Union should added ‘bring value’ the to undertaken actions Member by the States partly promoting by new family Otherwise, models.
Madam President, would I like to congratulate the rapporteur for dealing with a and sensitive difficult issue.
is Work way under in the Council and Parliament and some progress has been already achieved, despite the technical and difficulty politically the nature sensitive of this subject.
This institution has played to and continues play a role crucial during the current financial and economic crisis.
We hope in that future, you will put the people at the centre your of decision-making processes and not the market.
Mr President, I take it for granted the that European Parliament will speak out when it possible is to people save execution from and, therefore, I support the for call a moratorium on death the (DE) penalty.
first report, my we proposed a specific procedure whereby the Commissioner comes to the on Committee Economic and Monetary Affairs every quarter to give an account of policy in the competition In sector.
A text worded accurately clearly, and in detail is of one these.
Almost all of the who people died were either elderly disabled or in and nursing homes or residential care, or in respite their while families were on holiday.
Besides her desire to be equal an partner at a work, woman longs also to become a mother.
Are there solutions proposals or for progress in other - areas over and above that system of the court - on which the has Council worked, areas in which we now see that progress taken has place in the negotiations in the Council of Ministers?
These deadlines are not about 'tidying just up the desk' the before institutional changes of next year.
am I sure that he will be capable of together getting a good Commission.
I found it to easy vote in favour of this report, the for statements that I did not want to incorporated, see yet which nonetheless have been, and I which have enumerated, just are quite obviously so that nonsensical the report, taken a as whole, nevertheless a represents good reflection of this House’s position.
But that not is all.
They suffer from loss, memory pain and chronic fatigue, symptoms of paralysis and have an increased risk of cancer.
Ukraine will never be the same again.
Mr President, trafficking in human beings is a violation of serious rights human which is akin to slavery. It is a form of slavery which, however, mainly affects as women, Mrs has Fraisse already stated.
Can we be to asked take that in risk the EU?
Shipments of that type make economic cannot sense or be any in way sustainable, we and must ensure that the economy is driven partly in a that manner makes unprofitable it to transport food in this way.
We thank the Commission and then we will also try to ensure back at that home steps are taken in our Member States, regions in the and wherever there difficulties, are which I go cannot now, into not just to decisions take but to transpose also them.
Plurality, wish because we to diverse maintain identities and cultures and to counter euro-nationalism and its euro-anthems and common passports, currency, policing and defence.
is China close as to now us as were the totalitarian regimes before the Second World War.
Mrs González Álvarez a has taken consistent, thorough and dedicated line throughout the passage this of legislation through Parliament.
Resumption of the session
Mr President, has as been mentioned, this the is nth resolution on Cyprus.
all those factors, ought which to provided have the basis for a process strong of economic growth as - the Commission had envisaged until a few months - have ago not brought the expected However, result.
Proposal for a Council Decision on the acceptance of amendments to the Convention for the protection of the Mediterranean sea against pollution the and protocol for the prevention pollution of by from dumping ships and aircraft (Barcelona Convention) (COM(99)0029 - (Committee C4-0170/99-99/0023(CNS)) the on Environment, Public and Health Consumer Protection)
Italy. first time was 1983. in The rapporteur then was Colleselli, Mr from Cadore, in the North of The
There has been a real misunderstanding here.
Let me repeat point a I made our in debate: last this is the not fault of one Member State, but rather fault the of many Member States.
is coming from the people of Hezbollah This themselves.
Particularly so the after act of utter treachery – that is not too strong a word – by the committed French Supreme Court in the case of our erstwhile Member fellow Mr Marchiani.
is It therefore that clear the protection the of is Arctic an issue that goes beyond national individual strategic economic and interests and must be a central concern for the EU.
According to the Commission’s very brief on statement subject, this there no are real concerns there.
has the Commission handled crisis this well or Thirdly, badly?
The value of scientific endeavour has been always for fundamental Europeans.
believe I it is important for the to summits be fundamentally reformed so that people regain their in the confidence EU and its institutions.
It sad is that the current proposal does contain not more ambitious for targets energy saving.
For us, it is not enough these for resources to just adequate be and available.
indeed, Yes those were who heroes met in Cannes Essen, and Madrid to the trumpet news that, of course, all Europe's efforts would be focused on tackling unemployment.
East. we will succeed in doing is more expelling and more of our manufacturing industry to Far the All
The European Union take must urgent measures to resolve the two issues of water excessive and consumption water wastage.
It is important therefore for the treaty to be adopted.
is year on, the effects of the disaster in Haiti are and distressing the situation from the economic human, and social point of view One chaotic.
wish If we to reduce our dependence natural on resources, I agree by that 2012, 12% of energy in the the EU must come from renewable sources, and by 2008, a specific policy and line action of must be implemented for the 20 most important that materials have the greatest impact.
I do not an support agreement on that trade violates the rights of communities other to determine the use of their own resources.
I think we that give should a vote of confidence the to new put government together Mr by Nastase, an honest Prime Minister, is which trying to establish a system free from corruption based and to the greatest possible on respect extent rights for and human rights as it is required to do by the Copenhagen criteria accession for EU candidate countries, and I feel that we need to give Romanian Government the space it to needs be able to reconstruct the adoption system.
The Commission should support Commissioner on Flynn this matter and rid get of tobacco subsidies in the interests public of and health of consumers.
Some do people consider not that be to a human right, but I believe in fact it that is and represents step another forward that we should welcome.
also achieved something else which I think I should highlight: we managed to an find international solution to a problem goes which beyond national We borders.
Seventy per cent of the 'droit de suite' funds collected in France 1996 in went not to the artists to the but of descendants seven artists, the relatives including of Matisse and Picasso.
Mr Mandelson and, it seems, Directorate-General the for Trade have the abandoned ideal of multilateralism and are embracing the approach of bilateralist the States. United
It is natural to support a for politician prison, whom and suffering exile have marked the thirty-year long struggle for his ideas.
No, I am not some without sharp criticisms of Venezuelan the government.
Bay. absolutely agree that Iraq must observe the Geneva Conventions prisoners on of but war, how hypocritical it is Rumsfeld for to insist on this while such denying protection to those detained prisoners illegally in Guantanamo I
Today, 15 all States Member of the European Union are ruled by democratic forms state, of therefore and by governments composed of varying combinations of political parties.
This serious is need and we to demonstrate that we take it seriously and we get must to the bottom of it.
I that believe the more general problems could be tackled within context the of a on framework directive fair trading.
However, I do not pass to want up the opportunity to express my great regret that the largest of exporter genetically-modified the organisms, United namely States, again outside remains the frame on such a key issue, where global multilateral regulations are essential.
Three thousand hundred boys children, and girls, are enlisted in combat units in more than 30 countries.
I agree with him that we moving are in the direction, right we but have still a long way to go.
Mr Meijer, I think you that have not got the quite information right.
The riots in Kalimantan are no exception.
is what makes us about concerned suggestions the from Trade DG that since the FTA negotiations with Gulf the States started a time long ago, when sustainable development issues were less apparently relevant, it is somehow now too late to the burden negotiations with new issues like rights human That clauses.
This help may also to overcome difficulties in cohesion implementing programmes.
It insults those who are trying improve a to situation and therefore it is offensive to many.
The region plays vital a part as the intermediary between the citizen and the supranational European authorities.
All of those people who were registering and who wanted to register, who happy were very to do effectively so, being were given the opportunity the first for time enjoy to a legal status in relation to their State.
It is possible to make progress by urging governments to cooperate more on regardless this issue, of the existing between differences policies national concerning young people.
Secondly, I noticed have that Member some States are more vulnerable than others, which somewhat contradicts the notion that of solidarity we nurture the in European Union.
We therefore hope that in financial future years it will be able to granted discharge be with reservations, no despite the fact that the lack of vision political on the part of the and Council the Commission made has the of budgetary life this agency quite hazardous.
We must stick vehemently our to principles and our commitment to this process.
I should like to restrict therefore, myself, merely to a few facts and to a description of the situation, is which none too rosy.
I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to all those fellow MEPs who gave me their this support in and would like to you all wish a merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
It is accompanied not by the jurisdictional that guarantees characterize the European participation Parliament's the in legislative process, pursuant to Article of 138.B the Treaty.
What is causing more, loss of interests ?
the If that reality is some Member States – for France example – are which the behind scenes trying to block this initiative, then let them be named and shamed and let them answer their to people and to the of people Europe.
You said that culling and the ban travelling are currently main the objectives.
the President, Commission is always pleased to Members assist of Parliament in forming their Mr opinions.
gives It the Member more States flexibility in applying the minimum rate of 57 % of the retail price. As a result, this percentage can actually fall below 57 % for a time.
There are many be aspects to reviewed, but in the time available I will focus just on one: the opportunity for the elderly to in continue work if that is their wish.
According to the Council, the President of the is in Council the best it as position is the Council that must ensure that economic policies are coordinated.
Furthermore, the document we approved today also encourages the introduction origin of marking, which would consumer facilitate contribute choice and reducing to fraudulent or misleading claims of origin.
all We know that this is only first the step in budgetary the process, but I have confidence every that together we shall be able to explore all the possibilities in order to a reach final agreement produce and a budget satisfactory at the end of the year.
President-in-Office Madam of the Council, there is lack a of specific proposals.
The excessive surpluses have that materialised the over past few years do not reflect the financial best management.
First I should to like congratulate you for establishing the EuroLat joint Parliamentary which Assembly, will play a crucial role in bringing the citizens of sides both together.
An ordinary day will, however, following dawn celebration, this an ordinary day the in life of European the Union, characterised by discussions negotiations, and compromises.
As for you Kosovo, asked me about matter, a honourable Member, which relates to policy and domestic to internal decisions by the Spanish Government.
Two years down the line we can state categorically there that is no for economic justification these restrictions.
Nobody issued such a warning before the January 1991 bloodshed in when Vilnius, paratroopers were already at the site.
Nevertheless, I support the Constitution and do not believe that it requires explanations, as previous detailed the speaker said, but that it creates a clear, transparent and more citizen-friendly Europe.
A few other ideas were forward put some by of the honourable Members the representing political groups, including suggestion the of an international force.
Mr President, I would now to like make specific mention of the amendments have that been tabled.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I have the honour of my presenting report on fuel quality, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and in Consumer Protection, the framework the of codecision procedure.
You    raise a very relevant and interesting issue.
It is as evident in my country of Ireland as in other any EU Member State.
met I the Turkish Foreign Minister in Brussels a weeks few ago and naturally I asked if could Turkey take positive a and constructive stance in relation to this issue.
As far as the overall of execution the 1997 budget is the concerned, outlines, of which the informed Commission the authority budgetary in July, are confirmed by the most recent data.
(FR) Madam Commissioner, President, ladies and I gentlemen, cannot but endorse what has said just been by Goulard Mrs on the basic presuppositions mean that while that we are aware well the of need for effectiveness and in speed the decision-making process, it is for essential Parliament to be involved. This is the way only in which our fellow citizens, of whom are we the elected representatives, can what understand is happening and explain it to them.
So it is a categorical imperative our for Parliament to confront the issues and to the contribute solving unemployment emergency.
the Because decision to hold a demonstration, Blot, Mr was taken...
That brings us a to question and to seek answers on what might we call regulation and market the way which in we can limit this infamous price volatility.
This also conclusion emerges from the consultation launched by our Green Paper, which prompted from reactions 350 public authorities, the general public, civil society bodies and companies active in the field culture of across Europe.
In my first statement I said very that comments clear been had by made the President and the two Vice-Presidents, and I might perhaps quote one just paragraph from the press release issued following Monday’s Defence Council:
When they are not, fact the that, is despite his her or nationality on paper, one of the is spouses not integrated and is not about to be, either.
We also want to in engage dialogue with Russia about the quality of democracy in that country, and however, in particular problems the we experienced have recently with election observation the and way we see this versus the way sees Russia it.
This will directive to lead significant a improvement to the present situation, which is why I voted in favour.
States. the introduction of point this c) is not to linked either suggestions concerning from what date and how it will come force, into which we think will create additional problems Member for Furthermore,
We not have discussed any of that, unfortunately.
The vote will take at place 6.30 p.m.
It is also my considered we view that should draw up such a resolution only after a such visit, if do we so at all.
This is why, personally, I am prepared support to No Amendment tabled 5 by the Confederal Group of the United European Left.
I am also pleased to see that, in this directive, States will Member retain freedom of choice score, on but that I would like to ask any Member State with dealing issues such the following: should how we then empower the victim?
We were broadly supportive.
It allows and women men with young children to enter stay in and paid employment, while improving quality their of life.
This is of evidence efficiency, economy better and Community preference.
EU's behaviour is, however, The double-edged.
All in all, are these the sectors in which the European Union has a clear relative advantage.
Europe needs the Constitution, because on 1 May, ten new countries will be joining, they and should not join any without clear rules.
Low-frequency radar systems developed by the United States of America and the NATO countries be might causing whales to stray beaches onto doing damage and to their organs internal leading to death.
The alignment of study programmes and corresponding recognition mutual must be achieved in all areas training of and education, in particular, in trades, manual where there a is lot of ground make to up.
However, the Commission's proposal contains too far exemptions many for energy-intensive industries, in words other which those should by rights be taxed.
Until the EU' s criminal law systems are - harmonised something which is to desired be - judicial cooperation will continue to operate a through complex antiquated and system of requests for legal assistance, an emotive term for almost public all prosecutors and judges.
I would you remind of the case of cruise the liner .
As political decision makers, this forces crisis to us answer questions, some of which the highlight I following: is the liberal model that progressively has been applied to the common agricultural policy effective enough to deal with type this of problem?
avoid misunderstanding, any I will now in English speak Six months ago, Mr Alexander, all we applauded when the President-in-Office of the Council set out his vision for reform, including great in investment research, education the and hi-tech future for our and Union, you it repeated To today.
The of suffering innocent people makes the desire to and excuse seek justification for Gaza the situation irrelevant.
Sky. – We are not entirely with the satisfied results of conciliation the procedure between the Parliament European and the Council of Ministers on the Single European
We do, have however, serious doubts about resolving the current situation by the using bridging and have instrument therefore chosen to abstain final in the vote on the resolution on the EU's progress in creating an area of freedom, security and justice.
The crucial is: question who should foot the bill environmental for damage?
We obviously to want oppose the transport of live animals as as much possible.
This says a about lot authoritarianism its and its contempt for people and countries.
One of the problems which we have to deal with in this crisis and difficult situation is how stimulate to research and development so we are not in the same as situation companies.
The Member States must finally realise that effective combat to measures fraud, also and in measures particular administered by Member the States themselves, be can only if effective we finally create an effective legal basis, undertake the necessary harmonization give and Parliament co-decision power in this field.
Europe is slowly catching up with its regards neighbours as these infamous statistics.
my During years as mayor the of the city of Kosice, situated in the region with higher concentrations of Roma the population, learned I the basic precept effective - assistance requires active of involvement the Roma in themselves the solution their of problems, the otherwise efforts will be wasted.
The social partners are undoubtedly in the position best to ensure positive impact a of the of revision the Directive, which is fundamental.
Commission has already indicated that, in principle, it considers network infrastructure positively, sharing due to the potential economic gains, always that provided rules competition and other relevant Community laws are respected, in those particular of the licensing The directive.
We need to open keep the option that one day, if we can reach that point, the President the of European Commission can be also President the of the European Council.
The next item is the report by Constanze Krehl, Angela behalf on of the Committee on on Development, Regional preparing for the assent for procedure the Community’s strategic guidelines for period the 2007-2013 (Cohesion in Policy Support of Growth and Jobs) [2006/2086(INI)] (A6-0175/2006).
It concerns many of citizens the European Union, since it deals with the classification and labelling of dangerous preparations.
regard With to personality, external it is important, also as the President of the Commission has said, that we genuinely affirm fundamental the principles and the criterion of majority as a working system.
The reason is that there is another agenda whereby these rights are, to the very greatest degree, concerned actual with the process of integration, and it is this duplicity in agenda the that prompts me to make this observation.
Another point though, is, that Council the is only not to do this once a but year, is to promptly state amount the of the prospective costs involved in and any every specific decision the in field of the common foreign and security policy entailing expenditure.
President, I Mr am aware of the bad parliamentary habit of writing one's speeches in and advance then making them without listening the to rest of the debate.
also As agreed, Commission the will be involved in the discussion the various by committees at an early stage in order to ensure that pilot actions and schemes can be implemented.
Mr President, I am pleased to the have opportunity of speaking the in debate I and congratulate the rapporteur his for work.
What would the point be now in launching new initiatives when the San Agreement José was renewed in the of Council Minsters in Florence in half the second of last year?
I would to like conclude by reiterating support my for motion the for a resolution and urge I the Commission to bring forward delay without a comprehensive and coherent strategy on EU-wide cardiovascular disease incorporating the European Parliament's suggestions.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr has Cox his put finger the on salient point.
It in is the but package, all we know just how bitterly President Barroso opposed its inclusion, right up to the 11th hour.
With regard to state aid, latest the proposal for the rules national on aid regional contains a number positive of measures in favour of outermost the regions.
My point final is again addressed to Commissioner and Wallström, concerns communication, which is her brief.
shipowners. there is concern other about aspects which still are not functioning entirely satisfactorily and the document takes this There is concern that Community fleets should set an of example respect for resources fleets for other operating in third countries' waters, that local fishermen should receive proper information what about the various agreements and mean, that should there be transparency control and over financial compensation paid by the European Union and its But up.
It has be to shared and done in partnership.
Mr President, unlike three the of Parliamentary we groups, did not sign this resolution we because believe it not does tell whole the truth about what is happening in Argentina - this although is difficult to do through a resolution, I admit and - it seems rather weak.
language out. teachers have for worked the Commission for They have trained various in Commissioners the languages of the various countries, and yet they are being kicked These decades.
We also needed to deal with the in changes safety and requirements security necessitated that a further delay for technical examination.
Europe has not washed its hands would of Lebanon; I like to remind everyone here of the European in military presence UNIFIL 2, which is an impressive number, and there been have many casualties and deaths, the as Council reminded has us.
the Whether practice of appointing two rapporteurs from different groups will still meaningful be for the European the Parliament in future needs be to looked at carefully.
We are have obliged to such an article in case matters were suddenly to that, for arise example, needed to be put right.
In own short, it confirms equality for all in claiming their rights.
Mr oral President, my amendment only is a technical amendment to delete the word ‘all’.
What is our common responsibility?
3.
Europe is acting to its detriment own if, by to failing speak out this against or offer alternatives to it, it consigns America Latin domination to by American North corporations and banks.
(FR) Mr President, I should to like two make points about this regulation.
I welcome the important place that has been given climate to change in the Communication the from Commission entitled 'Europe - 2020 A strategy European smart, for sustainable inclusive and growth'.
It is still the case employers' that representatives have advantage an those over representing employees.
It is essential to maintain this provision non-vindictive and to ensure that even the worst of criminals must be treated with dignity, if even do they not deserve it.
You know, ladies and gentlemen, that Galileo is the most industrial that ambitious project Europe has ever undertaken.
am I especially pleased, we however, that are dealing with this matter the alongside Gaubert report on the single permit for residence and work, so that we can avoid even the appearance of opening Europe's doors highly just to qualified workers.
Regardless of decision any the on Constitution this itself, Commission could in act way a totally unlike its predecessors involve and the relevant institution at the time, relevant regardless of whether or not it is a nation-state parliament.
The Council recognises it that is important immensely to fully respect fundamental rights in areas all in which it is active, in particularly the area concerned guaranteeing with the security our of citizens.
Her proposals not only the change definition given to primary agricultural products, they also introduce the of concept psychological damage, scrap lower the threshold and remove the financial ceiling.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Lisbon the strategy can only succeed if we promote competition between the European systems.
We are on a very narrow in this path discussion.
'mountain'. Commission has taken note of the request to define optional reserved terms, as such or 'farm' The
If ratification the process can successfully be completed on time in all 27 Member States, the Swedish of Presidency the Council will able, be in the half second of 2009, to devote itself the to major challenges of future the within new a institutional framework.
We even think that Europe could an acquire external political which matches dimension its economic importance, and this that can done be whilst respecting the national of interests each Member State.
Spain Now intends to grant legal status to up to 700 000 illegal immigrants.
I am critical of the local elections that took place on 31 October in Ukraine and like would the freedom the of press to be respected.
of On behalf the PPE-DE Group, I very much welcome your Paper White on a European communication policy.
I think we should adamant be about that.
One explanation I have had from Sessional the Services is that someone the from EPP Group had been in to say touch point that had been withdrawn.
A lot has been about the said subsidiarity in Article 152 and I would like to remind you of what the said Court on that.
Madam President, ladies gentlemen, and the final of results the Monterrey Conference are encouraging give and for cause renewed optimism about September's summit world in Johannesburg on sustainable development.
Secondly, forces it the Member which State is negligent in monitoring its borders to take responsibility for illegal immigrants who use it get to into neighbouring countries.
I hope that this fact will also contribute to democratic further all-round and progress in Kazakhstan all and other the countries of the region, and to closer with links the Union. European
At the moment, view in of the talks are that being between held and India on Pakistan the issue Kashmir of and which are, unfortunately, unlikely to end in success, we the need European Union to show strong a will to support the civilian population Kashmir. in
Finally, budget suffers support from serious a lack of and transparency ownership by the countries involved and their populations.
proposal This in no way responds to the concerns expressed by the MEPs during vote at first reading on 23 1998. October
does This not, feel, I merit extensive comment, as we are in agreement on this point.
Finally, the 5+2 must negotiations continue at all costs.
agrees Commission also that this matter should be part of the report to be drawn up by the four Commission years after the directive enters The into force.
I Can ask you to follow the same procedure?
That is we why voted against the Jarzembowski report.
What it mean does to patent a living, albeit genetically modified, organism?
We think that is an excellent outcome.
was here at the hour of our democratic birth in 1979 and I was here for censure the when debate, came we I of age.
Our working was relationship pleasant very indeed, and the Committee on Development is satisfied.
My message therefore is: firstly, stop the violence.
States. result, a several small Union European states are out left of the regulation The act functions only partially in several other Member As zone.
cooperation already exists on an important scale, particularly between universities the Baden-Württemberg of and Alsace, without forgetting, Basle, moreover, in but Switzerland, cooperation this cannot but reinforced be by the development a of system general of reciprocal recognition of diplomas is which being implemented, but which is still Inter-university inadequate.
these All proposals are put in forward the which report, for I express my thanks to my fellow Member, Mrs Wortmann-Kool.
The used Commissioner words, which strong we welcome, but the proposals originally to submitted Parliament highlighted some of the weaknesses and divisions the within Commission itself.
We will soon see, for and our part, we will bear in any mind suggestions on this issue.
We, too, are to trying advance regional integration how – did Europe manage it?
would This be very unfortunate, as this is not even Parliament's intention.
The development of the is EU not only governed those by of who us live in the Union, but is also influenced by those who live outside.
The of enormity the issues affecting the Roma people in Central and Eastern Europe stands out for two reasons. Quantitatively, it affects because several million people qualitatively, and because the very existence of extremely this people at diversified is stake.
The goal of the Marco Polo programme should, in fact, be extended, so that the programme can also contribute to the and search for development of more sustainable transport systems.
However, one thing is clear.
I would suggest to the House that we in any should commence event our reversing debate, the normal pattern by with beginning the Commission statement, if this is acceptable the to Commissioner.
regard With to your call for an EU-US agreement, partnership I acknowledge we that Treaty maintain relations with the majority of third countries around the globe, yet have no such with treaty our most important partner.
Mr President, Dutch the guarantee of many billions of euros prompted the former Minister of Finance, Mr Ruding, to 'The say road to budgetary hell is paved (NL) with guarantees'.
Oh, so you respect this do vote, you?
Should the for procedure recognising companies established by young people be legally regulated?
I agree with Mr von Habsburg it that is by no certain means that these goals are achieved, but result the is European the that is Union now importing large quantities of flowers without any form of protection.
And case the of Amina Lawal, sentenced by the Islamic in court Bakori, is still pending.
am sorry we but are not satisfied with response the and we would have preferred to have heard the Commission's position in debate this and not through press I statements.
We fair need proposals, specific both for legislation and action for programmes associated with the fight discrimination against and the formation of free and societies.
However, this is not the necessarily in case the new Member States.
wage minimum is certainly a good idea, but it should provided be within meaningful overall a package of tax relief for and workers also for Europe's small and medium-sized A enterprises.
And if I remind of you all this, it is also in order say clearly, to on a personal level, that largely I approve of the joint resolution is which being to proposed us.
In the of course our own investigations else something quite deplorable took me the by surprise: 15 Member are States equal under the Treaty, but noted we that some are more equal than others. One such is the United effectively Kingdom: it rejected Community controls, and Commission the acquiesced in that situation.
Similarly, am I delighted that the MICE programme has up been set for independent research into certain medicines.
The question they raise is will European harmonization jeopardize their right to their operate specialist vehicles?
In this regard, port with inspections, the criteria selective we have proposed and which have been approved to thanks the support of this Parliament, and which the Council also approved, clearly mean that, as soon as ship a that flying flag European reaches a Union port, it will thoroughly be inspected.
then, insisted insists, and still that the Turkish Government establish frameworks, legal in accordance with the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights, which will allow religious groups non-Muslim and Alevis to function without unnecessary Parliament restrictions.
On the question of whether to exempt energy-intensive industries, in our view the Commission's proposal advantages has and disadvantages.
With respect to the rights of MEPs, committee if submits a proposals a for decision in Plenary, it is not the for Parliamentary Services, or any other bodies, to decide whether these proposals are right or wrong.
attacks The in London and alarmed Madrid the population because they hit civilian targets and unsuspecting citizens on their way to work, or school hospital.
Unfortunately, well we know how, for example, the need for energy means that too many of the individual Member States continue be to when hypocritical it comes our to neighbour’s large rights human record and its violations the of rule of law.
I think that for safety the of the transport dangerous of goods a short a transition period as possible is in needed order to implement this Directive.
Our promptings in this regard have really been not satisfied.
Dichloromethanes, as we have heard, are substances with a uniquely hazardous profile.
We would like to thank the for Commission playing the role of mediator between the other two institutions.
It is a measure of the maturity of a nation when it is able its to confront past and denounce that which needs to denounced be in its history.
What stands out Feira with that is it limited itself to just one addition to the agenda: cooperation, closer is which therefore registered as an urgent and crucial issue.
This directive will also improve the everyday life these of people.
Turkey is not a European country, either geographically or culturally.
That is why has it been drafted in this way.
We have turned partners from strategic of third Mediterranean countries into neighbours.
The committee addressed raised problems the regarding application of the patent system, the traditional industrial of instrument policy which the favours funding private of research, those to and biotechnological biomedical innovations have that to do with living organisms and therefore pose questions delicate of the limits between invention as a product of human activity and the discovery living of material, which cannot be appropriated.
This is also what I am trying to do my with report European on industrial competitiveness, which will be in considered Strasbourg in a couple weeks' of time.
Indeed, it would be impossible to predict with accuracy, a on five-year basis, all problem the areas which in the needs Community to intervene for the of consumer purposes protection.
Priorities have been established and I very am happy that we have this fewer priorities year than we had in the instance last first year.
In recent years, the situation has deteriorated.
I therefore hope that you will implement Parliament' s reasonable proposals and you that will up give plan your to postpone this once until again year the 2003.
is something for we which can all be grateful to the and men women who had to take on responsibility, after 8 May 1945, for work the of unification that they It achieved.
The greatest is benefit standardised from labelling, the perspective of the Committee on Internal Market, and consumers companies.
extremely important of part our building policy, therefore, not is just concentrating on moving into new but buildings making that sure we dispose properly of on leases existing buildings such as Van Maerlant and Belliard the An building.
report correctly the emphasises need for States Member to implement guidelines in a way which seeks to combat discrimination whether it is based on racial sex, ethnic or religion origin, or belief, age, disability, or sexual The orientation.
We should aim in fact to lead, than rather harness, the globalisation process.
had happened much the before initiative by Sweden and Ireland, amongst others, which prompted new questions about a realistic to way eliminate nuclear Nothing weapons.
Before the vote:
Therefore we not could go along with the proposal to incorporate simply the resources and the expenditure into internal Chapter III, policies of the budget, to and delete any reference to earmarked revenue.
I am convinced that only a good information campaign during the Euro 2008 Championship the about to need prevent in trafficking women and forced prostitution will open of the eyes the public and this expose horrible type of violence and against girls women.
I tell you must that this episode, linked the to Seville Summit, has a caused small political storm in and Portugal been has used by many opponents of European the Union as an argument against the European Union itself.
These questions, too, be must answered if one is lapse into to grandiloquent lyricism; otherwise, one pulls the wool over citizens' eyes.
The acquisition of a range diverse language of skills is of the greatest importance for all EU citizens, since it enables them to derive full economic, social and from benefit cultural freedom movement of within the Union and from the relations Union's with third countries.
We must prevent this happening at all costs.
Trans-European telecommunications networks
I want to deal with a specific issue relating which to mobility, all we agree is necessary and is for good Europe.
I to wish say that we within have supported this proposal for directive a the position self-employed that women, spouses and life partners of self-employed workers who decide to children have should social enjoy protection and paid leave.
The SIS II will system enable the Schengen area to be enlarged to new cover the Member as States quickly as possible, by updating it, its increasing capacity and introducing the possibilities new offered by the most recent technological developments.
We must focus on that.
In this it clear context, is that concrete bringing benefits our to partners make will the world a better place, not only for the people directly benefiting from EC but assistance also for European citizens.
I think Parliament can be that pleased it has at least achieved one step great forward in in putting place financial a mechanism which will bring forward the demonstration projects.
The task key of authority the will be risk assessment in the area of food safety.
The Russian Federation must demonstrate by deeds statements its of intentions good as it has firm a responsibility to the eastern border of Romania and NATO.
is the This idea behind the introduction a of framework on directive services of interest. general latter The would guarantee public services a stable legislative framework adequate and funding in compliance with the principles of universality equality and of access.
The item next is the report (A6-0035/2005) by Mrs Figueiredo, on behalf the of Committee on and Employment Social Affairs, on the social in situation European the Union.
Thirdly, electronic payment must be encouraged, is that but true, it must become also cheaper.
Nevertheless, and in the of light substantial the under-use of resources the for structural the measures, Council has decided lower to the level of payment appropriations.
the However, Council shares the concerns expressed the by honourable Member in her question and considers that important it is to social cohesion preserve and to promote the growth and economic recovery of the European Union, is suffering which from effects the of the global crisis.
Green The on Paper an integrated product policy should, my in opinion, the be framework for the formulation of a of series guidelines and proposals that both will producers enable and consumers to make full use of instruments the and offered opportunities the by market to be able to make function it in a way that is adapted better to the practice of sustainable development.
Lastly, in financing, it important is to make a clear distinction measures between with structural consequences and the measures of other structural funds.
So, 000 300 to 400 000 0-6-year olds are permanently brain-damaged and 1 000 000 0-6-year olds are permanently stunted.
Furthermore, the citizens of my region keep making the same criticisms: complicated, too too much red tape, too slow.
What went in wrong Gothenburg and Genoa did not Ghent. in
We must all support this at our fight, own level, persuaded as we are that society as a whole will enjoy the benefits of balance within and society within individuals.
Tomorrow, the Socialist Group will support the Andersson report and the work of the Commission because we believe that in the changes proposed fact are not frivolous, opportunistic, or but that they respond to social to commitment our this generation of workers, to citizens, these and to also those who will live Europe in in the next generation.
with problem The this is that it lead may to trade protection trade for marks belonging to a titular holder, usually a thus company, threatening the designation of as origin, in the case of Limiano cheese.
Sponsoring undertakings have realised need the to achieve cost improved control and more stable earnings in order to their match pension promises.
It creates prerequisites the for European the Union, following enlargement, be to able act to as decisive a factor in European development, of course, and, for it also to be able effectively to influence developments in the world.
The Commission nonetheless believes that the text of the common position constitutes a reasonable solution.
The 2007 Work builds Programme on these new foundations.
United Kingdom is a great The nation.
President, ladies gentlemen, and once again, we are the discussing Commission's and the Council's in mandate relation to the SWIFT Mr project.
Mr President, I recently started have to take a interest keen in waste issues, not simply because of the environmental needs of our saving planet's resources, also because I but represent Wales, a region which has one of the worst waste records on in the EU.
Europe. February this year, the group a presented mid-term working document to the European which Commission, illustrated the main challenges the related to commercialisation of enabling key technologies in In
We do not see that everywhere.
Some of our partners are announcing intentions their by press but statements; we have announced our intentions by law, law that is already agreed all by the Member States.
What the could future look like?
Article Under 49 of Treaty the on European Union, any European state which respects the set principles out in Article may 6(1) apply to become a member of the Union.
The Member States have taken a step towards an acceptable package that can be fine-tuned.
FGM is known to a cause range wide of immediate, long-term complications and even death women for subjected to the practice.
Now, they are, fact, in happening again.
The country recently has been going through political a with crisis, part of the opposition boycotting the parliament.
Today I referring am to judges as such Judge Afiuni, as and always to ordinary Venezuelans, who, like the thousands of canaries that live only there, want to live peace and in freedom. These people to aspire safeguard their land their and affairs without the permanent uncertainty of 'what will happen tomorrow'.
The Lebanon and will Algeria not abide by these commitments, although for of different reasons, course.
here However, is my question: Mr what McCreevy, is point the of a that society does not serve its people?
Any no Directive, matter how good it is, only can be of it value if is regularly monitored - monitored, to moreover, an equal degree in each and Member every State.
This is one of reasons the it why is important to encourage to farmers change to more environmentally animal friendly husbandry methods.
Ladies . and gentlemen, the climate conference to take place December in will be a historic one, as now a it is known that fact the Kyoto is Protocol to enter into force.
In my opinion, the therefore, main issue at stake is not whether grant we debt a deferment, debt debt reduction, moratorium or suchlike, but whether debts are as these cancelled, countries need the money that at present they spend on almost exclusively interest – not even on repayment – to tackle their economic, and social environmental problems.
Close with cooperation initiatives the existing in area of cultural heritage, such as UNESCO World Cultural Heritage, may be a more effective approach.
I do believe that a true and transparent budget involves it being specified at the of beginning each year just how much money is available.
We are proposing, among things, other consumers that should have the right to compensation if an agreed service and its quality not are delivered.
This in Copenhagen summit must become a summit for enlargement.
That would be absurd.
There is a surplus in textile the of industry 5.4 billion is but there a deficit of 22.6 billion in the clothing industry.
Perhaps this because is it cannot be objected to legal on or economic grounds.
Whilst in short the term there is an urgent need for an independent commission to investigate the recent disappearances, abductions and executions, extra-judicial in the long we term must repeat the call by made this House in the resolution last for a human wide-ranging rights between agreement parties the involved in the civil war and its facilitation by an effective independent international monitoring mission.
We to have remember this piece that legislation of is driven, Member State the and fact that the Member States have met and managed to a agree comprehensive of list projects has to be recognised positively, whilst not denying Parliament its rights under the codecision procedure.
Let us transcend our religious order differences in to achieve a more humane world, preferably without violence.
President, Mr Commissioner, one thing of I am which certain, having taken part in this delegation, that, is today, it is completely inappropriate to apply the word 'peace' to Three Chechnya. thousand were at the start killed of the year.
This European protection civil force would also be very for useful intervening in external situations as such in Haiti.
We welcome the decision taxes on and revenues as as start well the of the release of political prisoners by Israel.
We have such high for regard US the that we need to make this appeal in a proper manner.
We must now use the Europe strategy 2020 to create new sources growth, of to unleash the potential of the internal market drive to our economy forward.
On the hand, other Slovak children in can Hungary only of dream having Slovak schools.
Foot-and-mouth disease (RC B5-0303/2001)
That is my main concern.
These questions are the which we should also be asking.
Adopting the Statute will, however, have significant consequences for the concept of the parliamentary mandate itself, specifically with to regard the nationals of the in State which those Members are elected an - aspect which only the rapporteur appears to not have fully understood.
Getting jobs is Holy our Grail.
If we are lucky, we see will world a approach to outlaw these bad very practices.
Now we would like to create a modern based programme on these roots.
They should ensure that there is greater stability in the field of financial services and, where are trade agreements concerned, they should that ensure social are standards gradually raised the across board so as to contribute to being there greater in justice this world.
Following a report, special the Parliament European last year adopted a revised version of the Good Code of Administrative Behaviour.
Although I say that there is no difference basic between the Commission Parliament and over 19 the 1995 September resolution on Turkey, goes it without saying that the will not Commission lay before you drafts that do not to correspond the and letter the spirit of that resolution.
Our programmes in the Mediterranean are at core of the my agenda, along reinvigoration with the of the Barcelona process.
Madam President, thank all you for your patience the in Chamber.
me conclude by that saying I think that worldwide the impetus generated by this unprecedented makes disaster it necessary for the developed today, countries, give to consideration to the rescheduling of these countries’ debts the across Let board.
author. - Mr (DE) President, the current behaviour of the government of Ukraine will definitely not make the country's move Europe into any easier.
There is a ring of friends which Morocco in and Russia treated will be on the same terms, in the same way.
Moreover, other people have to work on Fridays, and not want to work to on sets a Fridays very poor example to everybody.
which questions you have just put relate to the debate on the Middle East scheduled for The tomorrow.
If a country like wants Mauritania to meet obligations, its keep the Lome-Agreement and accept appropriate standards, then it must also take heed full of certain standards we which set.
have been working on this issue for many years and this is important an achievement, bringing an to end a persistent irritant in EU-Russia We relations.
Written declarations in included the (Rule register 116): see Minutes
We need also the support of the Committee on Budgetary if we Control really are to the objective achieve of awarding small in sums aid without incurring high administrative costs.
very The that fact I surgery underwent means that I have no such miracle power, does it not?
Madam President, as has already been mentioned, this week is certainly a not normal plenary part-session. For two months, this we thing call war has been in progress, a war against terrible terrorism.
First, we that need give to ourselves conflict prevention capabilities.
The second is the that greater differences the development, in the more funding should go to regions less-developed and Member States.
Like a number previous of speakers, I, wish too, to consider the economic and problem the problem of finding for funding projects, which, in view, should my be incorporated into the pubic domain.
Let us really tackle of the real source the in problems these countries - bad governance, and protectionism in the EU.
During that recent visit to United the States, good we made progress in some of these areas.
Dates of forthcoming sittings: Minutes see
Thank you, Mrs Niebler.
The that crisis we shows should strike the northern gas pipeline off the list of Commission European priorities in order avoid to a Russian monopoly in Europe.
abstained because it was my party's whip to abstain on report, this but everybody knows food that security is a very important subject to us all, which is why am I by bemused the way that this place with deals such a I matter.
We should recall that the accession negotiations are broken up into nearly different 40 chapters of talks, every covering ambit of social and activity carried economic that is out by the European Union.
the Mr President, I think we should be all a little bit ashamed of ourselves we because living are in what we calling are a diplomatic society and civilisation, which supposed is be to one the of most advanced civilisations in the history of world.
We all have confidence in you with to negotiate our Irish friends and to convince the few Member States that are hesitating still to it and ratify to do so and once for all.
Security is a it right: means not being attacked in one's own workplace, the walking streets without one's risking not life, being the object of violence as a woman, not being exposed of to acts terrorism.
I believe that the fact that countries certain of the European have Union not signed the Strasbourg as Agreement, the has rapporteur quite rightly said, obliges us even more as European the Union in – view of the imminent entry ten of new countries to – certain establish rules in order to simplify as far as possible the procedures for necessary the free of movement mortal remains within the Union. European
Commissioner has already women's commented that in rights certain areas the of country are under assault, but I say this is also happening at central government The level.
full openness prefer to a new bureaucracy in Brussels, a and leaner more transparent EU instead of fat times for yet more We fraudsters.
The aims of the White are Paper right: we want improve to about knowledge and chemicals we want a safer world.
We should special focus attention on the importance of solidarity.
But that is alone not enough.
has Brammertz assured the Committee on Foreign Affairs that a deal great is being Mr done.
I must say that not only do I not tire of doing this, but I think that it essential is to to continue speak in out public about this violation of rights, human as you cannot defend a cause without a sounding board.
Commission. (DE) Mr Medina Ortega, on the first point, I can tell that the you Commission has allocated substantial human and resources financial to improving conditions Romania's in childcare institutions for many years.
In this context, I would like to mention the that Memorandum of Understanding the between the Commission, EIB and EBRD the was signed early March. in
However, this should only be the first step to deal with it, European both at international and level.
This requires large a contribution from public funds.
than ever, the European Union must be involved this in More fight.
Commission The believes that sanctions should be kept as a last resort to major discourage setbacks as such the suspension of the or constitution the of cancellation 2002 the presidential elections.
(DE) Mr and President, ladies gentlemen, I am one of people those who has brought one of the first citizens' initiative into petitions being, specifically, on the subject of protecting Sundays.
It obvious there is a regulatory failure, among is things.
was the subject of really discussion lengthy in the first and Convention, I cannot see reason any to amend it It again.
Besides agreeing on the importance of working directly with second citizens, the thing I like would to pick up on is the general issue fundamental of rights.
Our group supports the former position by expressed Parliament, according to which the Council must agree amend to the financial perspectives, particularly regard with to Category 4.
example: For health information data and on the cancer burden that will highlight inequalities and best practices across Europe; measures preventative and health on topics promotion such as tobacco, nutrition and alcohol; best practices treatment on and integrated cancer care, such palliative as care; bringing together expertise through European reference providing networks; investment in infrastructure the through Structural Funds; and support for cancer research at Community level.
For some months pace of the the accession negotiations has been very fast.
I would like to give fair warning to the Council that, in the negotiations on the and electricity directives gas that we are about to begin, the issue of energy poverty will fundamental be to our agreement.
The first the is humanitarian level.
I would to like conclude this debate, Madam President, by reading a few words penned the by writer Vasilij great who Grossman, the described most tragic moments the of Holodomor in his novel Forever Flowing.
this Madam discussion President, has clarified some of the things that we need to remember.
This will enable then plenary spend to more time on more important matters.
The efforts made as regards Bosnia have inadequate been and insufficiently successful, and by this I both mean our efforts and theirs.
We have always in been favour of any contribution Parliament make could in relation to the launch of this strategic we partnership, and enthusiastically welcome these recommendations today.
I would ask the President-in-Office the of Council to be a strong captain his Council of team and to increase teamwork with his players cooperation fellow – with Parliament, for example, was one of the reasons for the success of the Austrian Presidency.
Last but not least, proper the operation of organisation this is important to all of who us want to an see assertive, efficient, multilateral mechanism whose actions promote these values.
now From we on, have to focus our on attention interests the of the European Union, interests that we are going defend to forcefully, in textile the sector: market access; intellectual property, the Euro-Mediterranean zone, of rules origin and origin marking.
must We at last make progress with retraining the Afghan police and force judiciary.
main questions we have to pose now are, where first, we want to bring Belarus and, second, we how do can The it.
We have act to now, before it is too late.
Therefore I like would ask to to colleagues support 166/167, amendments 170/171, 175 and 194, and to oppose the inclusion of any genetic threshold, contamination which means to oppose the AGRI Committee's amendment 41 and others any with this effect.
For this reason there must be also a clear mandate.
Secondly, specific industrial sites must be while defined, - us let remember, - Commissioner large of amounts money and European funds have been provided regenerate to industrial wasteland and convert some of it into theme parks.
Not only are no new mechanisms for democratic control introduced, but being existing ones are being weakened.
I Finally, would thank Mr Newman and colleagues the on Committee on Petitions for the support and they sympathy gave the to pensioners.
December Last the Commission published on recommendations ways of strengthening the ENP, our which President-in-Office of Council the has already presented.
This is an important step in right the direction.
central Problems child to can prostitution only be combated at level European (the networking of perpetrators the through Internet and the lack of cooperation regarding cross-border and surveillance law enforcement).
This is because, ladies and gentlemen, in all these numbers, we forgetting are about the people who did not cause the we crisis; are unemployment forgetting and about the worsening social situation.
amendments agreed The would mean that broadcasters foreign could no be longer fined for breaching the media Hungarian law's provisions on protection of minors or incitement to hatred.
However, we consider that fixing a for date end the of the transitional period is premature at this and stage create could an obstacle to the necessary quick adoption the of amending proposal by the Council.
I stress word the 'political' from because, an economic point of the view, is Agreement much more beneficial for Europe than for Syria.
This last group also discusses a wide range of subjects which its members can propose on for inclusion the agenda.
The question arises to as role what a specialised committee should continue to play when the Committee Budgets, on in a simply generous gesture, sweeps all the carefully considered, proposals moderate from the table?
This is we why a support pragmatic approach and reject raft a of unrealistic demands that heavily would penalise the European chemical industry.
Lastly, I support the guidelines set out by Mr Langen in the adopted text today, not least financial because are derivatives not just the of prerogative in professionals sector, the but are instruments for mass-market use.
This sort of move would damage manufacturers and exporters oriental of Burley and strains of tobacco manufactured the in EU, at the same time wiping out competition the for cigarettes Virginia-type and tobacco, of which Brazil the most is important manufacturer and exporter in the world.
Over the last I year have had several with meetings Mr Erdogan, President Papadopoulos and the United staff involved Nations in this issue.
As the recent Paper Green energy on policy tells us, unless can make we our domestic energy more competitive in next the couple of decades, 70% of the Union’s energy requirements have will to be met by imported products, compared to a figure of only 50% today.
the In case of tobacco, I like would to point out the difference in style between Commissioner and Fischler Flynn. Commissioner
Battery cages must be got rid of entirely, and the sooner the better.
Something else, too, about new the agencies.
was This subjected programme to technical scrutiny the during Council meeting, and the Commission, to which elements the this of proposal had been presented beforehand, took the view that there essentially is no alternative recognizable to the but programme that it is also necessary, of course, to discuss any technical additions to this programme in the Standing Veterinary Committee.
there Then is the external perspective: what the can Commission and the EU do on external the stage?
periods During of weak demand on the world economy, the price Airbus war and between Boeing has been, and remains, intense.
Mr President, President-in-Office Mr of Council, the Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, Luxembourg’s Presidency of the Council in this first half 2005 of is very probably the last of its kind that we shall see.
It grew rich by creating wealth.
To some it might seem not that we the issues face this week show the policy of enlargement as being effectively delivered.
Ladies and gentlemen, the for market products through obtained genetic engineering, is which developing very at rapidly a world level, presents two major problems.
Finally, I compliment and Ahern reassure Mr on his continuing of mastery the English language that so he might have the confidence to abandon the foolish notion of wasting of millions of euros money on taxpayers' making Irish an official language of these institutions.
I Lastly should like to thank the Transport Committee for their constructive to response my draft and report, to all those who supplied the building bricks for it am grateful I for their cooperation creative and input.
One important fact I would like to out is that point the in way which licences are obtained, the methods training and the examination methods have become more harmonised.
It happened the after junta showed its desire not to any respect of democratic the demands of its people, and this is a bad omen.
But I in can fact tell that you both the airlines themselves and the various organisations international with concerned flight safety devoting are constant attention to this particular issue, which means that it is being still and examined in future things will no doubt in go the direction are you advocating, course although of for all us frequent fliers that could make life more difficult.
the amendments From in 2, bloc the Commission cannot accept amendments 2, 3, 5, 10, 11, 13 12, or 18.
I can wholeheartedly only agree with your remarks.
I can assure you that the will Commission continue to pay attention close to development the of democracy Hong in Kong.
When talk we south-south about assistance we at should same the time congratulate the Iranian Red Crescent for mobilising more than relief 8 000 workers, and, what despite Robert Kilroy-Silk may say in the UK, Arab countries, who offered have 400 for million the reconstruction Bam. of
Let us stop sensationalising the of work the of Court Auditors.
in writing. - (LT) Financial education is an important on matter the agenda, especially EU's the in midst of the financial crisis.
It will go on developing is and doing so a on worldwide basis.
For these reasons we that think the euro coins should be nickel-free, that the denominations should be of different sizes and that should the have coins room national for designs on one of side the coin.
During a conference jointly organised by the United States of America the and Philippines in March, the very lucrative aspect of this new market was also raised.
remain I, too, of the same view as my Member, fellow Mrs rapporteur Vălean, the for this report, that would it have been good a idea for this regulation to be discussed on a codecision basis.
Bowel is cancer a new area screening, for with new tests available.
This is good a example, though.
In particular, it should be that noted in the of case some harmful substances - arsenic compounds, and cyanides chlorinated hydrocarbons the - damage to health is direct; not diseases such as cancer may not occur until years many later.
I repeat: no such rules would to have be weakened.
This report is to meant contribute to doing so.
then, This, is the aim of the Commission's open proposed coordination policy, which is similar to the method already used incidentally - with success - for employment, for example.
However, I would urge on caution idea the of abolishing right to the call for separate votes between the ACP and the EU.
First of all, solidarity very is necessary: countries some are carried by along others while have some more strength than others.
In are good times they are sought only after, to be sacked when times hard.
I am ready to join colleagues my from the Council Mr and in a Solana Troika and go the to region to the support Iraqis as soon as a new government is in place.
Union will therefore continue to clearly express its concerns regard to with freedom the the of and press will continue to insist that the role of the press be adequately respected, as should be the within case the context of freedom, within a democratic The system.
It is balanced a that proposal consistent is with industrial constraints and with the requirements of users.
Mr Andria's report on the promoting efficient of settlement securities requires therefore our full attention.
That why Italy, is a country that has always believed deeply in Europe, realises it that now has a duty: further it must imagine - or start imagining - how enable to countries that willing to are do so to make real progress in furthering European unity.
As the chairman of the committee responsible, let me say that we are making to preparations shape the parliamentary as procedure speedily as so possible that there is no on delay part, Parliament's and that so the envisaged date for the signing of the Treaties can be adhered to.
Mr the European Union has had fishing with agreements Mauritania for over two President, decades.
it Thirdly, expects the Commission to put a forward proposal on the Private European Company to fulfil the needs small of and medium-sized enterprises.
have I to say that, listening this to debate, I quite wonder whether some people ever intended that these resolutions should be implemented.
(DA) Mr President, should I like to dispute a most premise, fundamental namely premise the that dividing ourselves into fewer groups gives us more political coherence.
but not Last least, I like would to congratulate the Slovenian Presidency on excellent the result that we have achieved.
have we a conflict classic between the Parliament, which has made it clear that it wants end an to animal testing, and Council, the has which done best its to ensure that no marketing ban is Now introduced.
In other words, once again, order in to develop a 'under-capitalised' so-called industry, given that the private sector not will take in risks this area without a safety net, the is public being called upon to finance future private profits.
I must add the that results of previous conferences, Rome Monterrey, and to be specific, did give not rise such to expectations either.
It a required considerable effort on the part of every Member State a good and deal of compromise.
An explanatory declaration arouses suspicion that something has concealed been in the body the of text.
It goes without saying that at the moment, the of achievement a stable and secure area Mediterranean is threatened by the situation in the East. Middle
am I looking forward to cooperating all with the political groups in Parliament with a to view developing European the Union.
I am referring to power industry problems.
was It the none worse for but that, I will perhaps be forgiven for concentrating very largely on the report because there are some extremely important that issues I want to touch on.
The European will summit be an opportunity to such furnish evidence in the of form a sensible compromise.
The Commission will intensify efforts its into next the year.
But I am not for cosmetic adopting exercises.
A second set of amendments concerns which, on accounting the pretext that statistics show that women's expectancy life is longer than men's, works to the disadvantage women of when carrying out the calculation of contributions and pensions.
The brake on the real economy caused financial by must malpractice be released quickly as as possible to enable the market single to resume its development.
It has been shown particularly in Germany a that mark of origin plays central a role in regaining consumer confidence.
And must we also bear in mind that this is how it was born.
The Group of Independents for a of Europe Nations opposes this standardisation in as, our view, such a remain statute should under remit the of each country.
Opening of the sitting (first of sitting the newly Parliament) elected
Everyone must realise that.
As as soon we know the what results, the caused accident, we will carry out analyses, and if there is a need strengthen to some of the it measures, will be done.
We are also opposed the to report's assumption that Schengen the Agreement and the of Treaty Amsterdam already are clear and ratified.
I that consider such a request is not acceptable only but would also encourage both parties observe to the spirit of this new agreement.
We think it that important the transitional for rules apply as short a time as possible.
Independent justice, full access to television and radio, free and fair elections, participation unimpeded of all democratic politicians in elections control and of services secret the - those are matters on we which can help.
Are there any objections?
This future be must built us, by with the of power our institutions, creating the defence common and policy foreign structures which the Maastricht and Amsterdam Treaties have promised to the European people.
of the systems and authorisation notification we favour system the of notification because with this system, when an is application submitted to the Ethics Committee, the regulatory authority will be and notified, the investigator may commence trial with the thereby cutting the bureaucracy to a Between minimum.
accordingly need to take advantage of the range full resources of that the can Union harness in crisis We situations.
Furthermore, I believe we must welcome something is which also very positive, at time a when have observers we the from future member countries, and is that that they have participated in fully the work of the Convention before actually the joining Union.
These measures include: support to networks of intermediaries in sectors specific of technological fields help to SMEs preparations, with proposals, partner searches etc.; targeted calls in areas of particular interest for as SMEs, well as funding schemes dedicated to SME support, the of outsourcing research by SMEs SME and associations.
If you do not obey, you be will isolated and the community international will the support opposition within the country.
of whether it is an independent bank or part of the European Bank, Investment it is to forum be a to dedicated development, in which European and Southern Mediterranean operators work side by Irrespective side.
The fact that the system works is proof that market, the and competition environmental protection not are mutually exclusive ideas.
First, about where the ownership of vessels will rest and second this purely that is an emergency measure and will not open the back to door wider a export scheme.
is It also true that the implementation of European Court of Human Rights is judgments mandatory for all States are that party the to European on Convention Human Rights, and Italy, like any other party involved in this case, has the right, under Article 43 the of to Convention, a request transfer proceedings of to the Grand Chamber within three months of the of the date judgment.
This is causing huge hardship to great sectors of population the and the lack of purchasing power therefore has a consequence on the food supply.
is where the Agency comes That in.
Mr President, the in previous debate in September last I year confirmed that and health safety an was important and issue, I commended the rapporteur on the thought that he had put into his work.
The last Member States to join the EU need resources and support from the Union European in order to achieve these ambitious targets.
I profoundly and fundamentally disagree the with Council' attitude, s and to a extent lesser that with of the Commissioner, because I believe that certain fundamental issues must be clarified immediately.
week or so before the meeting in Noordwijk, issued the presidency kind a of working summary document which had no official but simply status, gave the presidency's view of the how negotiations had so gone far clearly and indicated to the contracting parties where we stood and how we were to on proceed the basis the of presidency's A proposals.
That is the we reason support it this; is not the only but reason a major reason.
The time limit for communicating the decision made reduced from is 9 to 6 months and from to 12 9 months exceptional in cases.
The claim that subsidies for agricultural produce in the EU are responsible for the of underdevelopment the third and world therefore should gradually be abolished has swallowed been hook, and line sinker in a frenzy of hypocrisy.
The of impact economic the crisis has felt been significantly harder outside the EU's euro area. Romania is an example of this in where, spite of appropriate current economic measures, the impact of the crisis is considerable.
However, we if really want to achieve permanent it enlargement, is vital that we involve the citizens and their representatives and more more.
Whereas monetary coordinated policies should take a higher priority in the transatlantic partnership.
the Furthermore, Council Turkey will encourage to use its influence to promote a speedy solution to issue the of Cyprus.
What I do like, Commissioner, is that you, in information, your provide of evidence transparent a policy.
It is my conviction that these regulations have an important complementary with character regard to Community existing legislation.
There be can no European foreign policy unless we first have a shared policy internal within the European Union; there no can foreign be policy in Europe unless we first create an area of freedom capable of dealing the with fight against terrorism.
is a point which I have to put my Russian colleagues interlocutors and on a number of That occasions.
Mr the President, rapporteurs imply ensuring that social cohesion in an enlarged Europe consists levelling of out the differences between countries and regions. do They not, however, have anything to say about the inequalities the within same country, the including richest ones.
It is a great pleasure for me to appear in this House to inform of you which issues two are related for obvious reasons.
on Shame the Prodi centre-left government in Italy.
Is it an expression common of interests, or is it simply that, in joint this fight against we terrorism, have to close our eyes to a great many things: to the Russian war in to Chechnya, how the Turks treat Kurds, the to how Israel is the treating Palestinian people - all because we are in an against alliance a terror, transatlantic alliance?
There is also freedom from want and freedom fear, which from are closely related to human rights and to the human security concept.
third The thing that matters to us is that the institutions be renewed and more made representative and more efficient, and so have we reiterated our call a for seat for Europe.
Good and ambitious objectives need to be followed up by action, concrete or we else lose credibility.
However, we have to be very clear that it is up to national regional and authorities to up the take possibilities available them to in assisting the sector during this difficult time.
That is I why should like to refer to Amendment No 34, spells which out this clearly.
I am, of thinking course, of the local, legislative and elections presidential announced for 2011.
We must not what tolerate China is intending do to in Nigeria and its disregard human for rights.
I do not understand the logic maybe or the commitments should only be taken they agree when with the Socialist group?
That the previous elections went better these than therefore that means no attention was paid by international bodies, including the European Union, to ensuring this that was a progressive and not regressive a process.
have Ukraine. also set out previously an overall strategy for support for the process transition in We
The Rules Committee has done that; we have based ourselves largely on the opinion given by Committee the Budgetary on Control.
In what we conclusion, need is a joined-up approach which goes a across range of policy areas.
accept I that cost the of Galileo around is EUR 3 billion, which means the involvement private of the sector is essential, but the to benefits Europe in both economic and social terms be will immense.
It is too early rest to on our laurels, but at the same time, European the Union must remain reasonable.
We need to create.
on of behalf the S&D Group. - President, Mr thank I the Commissioner for his contribution.
Overall, the then, problems posed by continuity the of contracts seem less than complex had initially been thought.
One solution might be the of use model contracts.
That, Mr Barroso, is why we be shall ready, to tomorrow, sign the contract of confidence with you.
They have help to with the housework, they have to contribute to the provision daily of food the for whole family, they have to look after the infants, they have to sell any leftovers market at and they to have fetch drinking water.
instance, For as Mr Lehne said just now, we need to think about European a sanction criminal when it truly is indispensable for ensuring that Community law is effective, while respecting the principle of the for need the sanction criminal and the principle of proportionality.
voted in favour of this report I because agree with its underlying spirit: to simplify and harmonise EU legislation on imports of products textile in order to trade facilitate with third I countries.
accept I - and have always accepted - the that budgetary process involves both Council Parliament. and
The Commission because misjudged it the agreement, fisheries thereby actually reducing our margin, and of the course Council because it allowed to Africa foot the for bill the remainder.
Subject: compliance Strict with the Amsterdam Treaty
In the same manner, I think the human rights instrument needs have to oomph.
The EU is loud and clear it if speaks one with voice.
There still may be a plant that is rented out to one brand or another a but as subcontractor, of course, is that a particularly uncertain future.
Union. that think our examination will be complete once we have applying proposed this conditionality arrangement bilateral to cooperation by Member States the of European I
One of the propositions I would is that make the recent talks between Mr and Olmert Mr Abbas Mahmoud - about in - effect a final status solution, should reflect the negotiations that Mr Olmert himself, a young parliamentarian, had in where 1987, he and the PLO negotiated privately to actually talk about capital the of Palestinian the state East in Jerusalem, about the borders of and 1967, about some settlers returning.
President-in-Office of the Council, I wish every you success.
I agree with the that rapporteur it advisable is to continue promoting the open standards European developed by Union standards bodies in relation to switchover the to digital the of and interoperability services, to and further this action by promoting European digital television standards other in parts of the world.
Are we going to hide behind the of lack global agreement?
Interim Karzai President should have every interest in this.
(Applause)
The main progress achieved this by directive, as compared with existing legislation, is that patients be will to able choose healthcare their provider will and have access to information the on quality and safety of the care they will receive.
Here, however, we pay must attention to certain issues.
Because we want to it be watertight.
It is because China ignores basic human rights and its ignores own so-called of law rule that we able are to criticize.
I am convinced that your contacts with European the Parliament will strengthen the parliamentary and dialogue that the talks that you will hold will a mark new stage in strengthening the of the relations between Syrian people and the European Union.
Administrative expenditure will have be to adapted to the new requirements.
So we shall support the report.
However, we today are concerned to learn other that representatives of the to Union seem have turned their backs on Union' the s democratic role.
I also expect that it will call the for early ratification of the Convention Europol by Member the States by end the of 1997 the at latest.
However, our continued support for the draft regulation depends on the Commission addressing the major concerns that the rapporteur in raised his speech last night.
Drawing on my with experience cosmonautics, I myself am still convinced we that in are Europe going in the right direction.
Protection Subject: of intellectual property
I will only one mention of them, which would special a create article concerned with questions of language and these how declarations have to be notified.
For reason, we must welcome and develop communications-satellite projects such as Sky Bridge, the European answer Teledesic, to and success the of the Ariane programme in domain the of carrier services; the programmes for the construction navigation of satellites and the creation satellite of navigation systems are taking us in the that right direction.
Thank you, Commissioner Liikanen.
I not am ashamed say to that not all of those who are not here are genuinely here.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, permit me first all of to thank the Mrs rapporteur, Bloch von Blottnitz, for her important this contribution to debate on the position common of the Council concerning the SAVE II programme.
It would be superfluous for me to repeat here the that reasons led to my approval. of vote It without goes saying that these reasons are to be found in the report itself.
Furthermore, the approval of Decision No the 574/2007/EC of European Parliament and of Council the establishing the External Borders Fund for the period 2007 as to 2013 part of the General programme 'Solidarity and Management of Migration Flows', is another important step for the promotion of and solidarity will a establish new means of extending financial aid to the Member States that apply the of provisions Schengen the Agreement their at external borders.
It is if we essential wish to fulfil the objectives we that set ourselves in Lisbon.
It has 180 member and towns cities and is supported by local authority membership fees.
Cooperation between the courts of the Member States the in taking of in evidence civil commercial matters or (short presentation)
We or more less tolerated the secret police, who that at time were working against people and torturing people.
I First want to the thank President-in-Office of the Council the for information he has provided in to response the question.
The Committee believes to it be necessary that such be put safeguards in place, as they have had already a beneficial effect on the and Committee’s own capacities improved its response to European citizens’ needs.
The rest is invested from budgets the of Member the States.
Mr our President, discussions have focussed exclusively the on broad and, outlines, whilst these of are, course, very important, the problems in lie the detail.
Through constructive negotiations we in have, view, achieved a my successful overall result that sends out clear a signal of our solidarity with the applicant countries.
This not is a proposal that provides better information.
Small will be bigger tomorrow and new give jobs more and prosperity.
Is Commission the prepared support to this regulation's introducing a binding condition concerning this matter?
believe that the Commission and the Member States should continue to play a leading role and ensure that, at the Conference 8th of Parties to the the on Convention Biological Diversity, is reached agreement on measurable objectives and a specific time for frame the achievement of such I objectives.
One is to provide following assistance the that misfortune has recently befallen it.
I So hope our debate will be and calm pragmatic and not an based ideologically debate.
former The works outside the EU, latter the inside EU, the and they have different objectives.
we And are hoping - have we - started to encourage the all federal states in the United States which capital apply punishment think to about that risk and introduce a like moratorium the in one Illinois with a view to achieving abolition of the death penalty the throughout country.
role Its is also through recognised inclusion its among the objectives of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Firstly, budget the its with EUR 93 million in payment appropriations represents a 5% increase, whereas national budgets are subject to greater austerity.
The simple expedient of imposing a minimum landing size has been demonstrated in ICCAT to totally be ineffective.
theory The of just returns, which Commissioner van den Broek has indicated is not the Commission's approach, can only be stimulated by staying within the existing structures.
I like should to ask the President of Parliament to send a goodwill message to the of that Speaker Assembly in view of the difficult role task and she has ahead of her.
In past, the on more than one occasion, enterprises individual have failed to acquire shareholdings in other or countries to over take whole companies in them, simply lack for of an unambiguous legal that framework would have laid down uniform assessment criteria and hence a uniform procedure supervisory for the authorities.
I have no doubt that programme will the be adopted tomorrow.
is Where the Europe of human rights we when need it?
If we turn attention our to competition within ports, is as formulated here, we would like particularly see to the pilotage scrapped for safety and environmental reasons.
We now need to take advantage of this pragmatic, logical approach by women.
I think that be would nonsensical.
I voted in favour concluding of this EU-Egypt whose agreement is goal establishing a mechanism for settling disputes under trade the of provisions the Euro-Mediterranean agreements.
Mr President, I taken have our Vice-President, Mr Dimitrakopoulos' chair, to just remind that ourselves democracy in Mediterranean the did not begin this with debate.
This network start will operate to at the beginning December of in close with cooperation the European Central Bank' s Cash Changeover Committee.
These preventive measures were funded in particular by a regulation dedicated European to protecting against forests fire, 2158/92/EEC, Regulation which expired unfortunately at the end of 2002.
Anyone who love does not animals does not love people either.
Let me go straight to one particular point of concern for the agriculture budget, namely, the clearance of accounts line.
to also believe that there be should concrete more measures for dealing with the possession of weapons and acquisition and, any in event, is that an issue that I would like us I discuss.
This report does not establish seek or establish to what the European Parliament's view this on case is.
The factories traditional and conveyor belts and the safety measures that went with them all in are decline.
It is not only a matter of good coordination or consulting the Member States.
We have to look the at root causes of why the waste is there in the first place.
In some districts the spirit opposed is municipal to elections.
(FR) President, Mr President-in-Office the of Council, you will to have take the bull of doubt regarding Lisbon by the horns; France already has a great of deal experience in the art sometimes of moving European integration forwards moving and it sometimes backwards.
and Meanwhile, a this point was that we proposed, the experience of Macau and Hong Kong, which EU the has followed closely, proves that it is possible establish to a better system than the one in place in mainland China.
Mr President, this on report switching to the euro cannot be viewed in isolation.
The security of food supply is at heart the of the discussions, joint according to the information from the committee charge in of negotiations.
We cannot do a bit of both.
The sea many conceals dangers.
that And, to I end, am not clear to as the extent to which we have progressed on developing heavy lift capacity to be able to get these 60 000 troops into operation, or what progress we have made intelligence on autonomous particularly capacity, given the American that they statements are not giving intelligence to Europeans until they can with deal security.
in writing. - (PT) The European Parliament today approved the Scheele report on genetically modified and food feed.
Parliament’s going religiously the through is motions not, in view, my evidence of good democratic health.
It would, doubt, without facilitate the management of funds and ensure better parliamentary control.
Some the of ideological elements relating to Croatia and Macedonia in the progress reports also are us doing harm.
This directive is unfortunately an example of inconsistent EU strategy.
This does however not alter our general view the of report.
while Thus, Mr Clarke is talking about harmonisation, his proposal leaves the exemptions 15(1) in Article of the previous directive untouched.
I went to European the Youth Opera Baden in Baden to that see launched and it is a great Recently success.
For that to be the case, however, a great deal will have to change.
The reason is the that Convention worked undemocratically.
Sympathy for those livelihood whose as suffered a of result the Prestige disaster was expressed residents by of Shetland the of islands Scotland who suffered a similar in fate 1993, when the Braer sank off the Shetland coast.
I should like to address a few words to rapporteur, the my friend colleague, and Muscardini. Cristiana
The vote will take tomorrow place at 11 a.m.
On progress balance, whilst was made, we have would preferred to have made much more progress.
The constitution's financial should chapter describe the whole of the Budget process in simple words and with unambiguous rules.
Finally, next year will see the start of the negotiations for the of definition the next Financial Perspective, which will be decisive in orienting European Union policy the in coming years.
particular, climate change has caused the worrying rise sea in level, forced migrations, the and fight for access to waterways more and fertile land, as in Sudan, pitting nomadic herdsmen against settled In farmers.
There needs be to an acknowledgement that kind this of thing can happen.
As integration improvement, it is proposed that refugees beneficiaries and of subsidiary protection enjoy the rights same with regard to the granting and the length of the residence permit, access to employment, possibilities of vocational training and to access an facilities.
In words, other the despite ban, these feeds are still in circulation because authorize you their use for and for poultry pigs, so that the temptation naturally arises to use them for cattle.
Even then it was assumed that the of composition the virus was partly influenced by a bird disease.
for ‘Calls a to solution the problem of the so-called caveats which impede a proper among cooperation the different contingents national in the country.’
It could be laid in down the law, in the of interest the environment, that dashboards for cars should be made of and such such products.
companies still experience problems in the accessing Japanese European market.
Constitutional regions, in particular, wish to respect receive instead of supercilious treatment from Member the have States that the final say in every instance.
But it has made considerable progress.
If renewable fuels are to be given to scope develop, need we larger market a where can they also be marketed and developed on a commercial basis.
I have always tried to do and I so, now am trying to do so again.
My to congratulations our rapporteur, to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, and the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities for their amendments.
This is a concept which I have heard mentioned never in international law and I would like to know what it of, consists especially in view of the fact that not until long the ago had European Union been holding with talks the Cuban Government in order to reach an agreement on trade and cooperation since, I as should like to you, remind Cuba is the only country with which we do have not such an agreement.
A election general is to take place in Spain Sunday. on
will adopt an interim report today, later and I will inform the Committee on Budgets of the European Parliament this about report next It week.
Union. climate and change are priorities of the European Energy
23.
The Commission also retained 9 EUR million out of a total of 18 EUR million - half of total the - a higher until absorption was reached.
And not only have we the reinforced representative but institutions, also the participatory ones.
The one strategy is strengthening about Europe' s of industries the future cutting-edge by promoting technologies and boosting the power research-based of innovation in European industry.
The truth about today's attack Hungary on is that it is nothing other than for revenge the putting into practice of successful conservatism.
This the is thrust entire the of road map that we will propose, and we which will be discussing at this European Council.
I on call the Commission finally to down get to work order in to ensure high employment a rate and upwards social harmonisation, instead of in the engaging systematic and shameless dismantling of our fellow citizens’ social benefits, coupled with social unrestrained dumping.
The new agricultural policy is more favourable to trade, as the developing countries wanted.
GDR. is for a quite reason, simple that and is the experience I have had with the mismanagement holdings of in the former It
In addition, it would increase the electronic reliability of payments and provide a to stimulus these.
Against this backdrop, we feel that the European Commission its cannot on turn back what is in happening Portugal, on the appalling hypocrisy and violence against which women, clearly encourages back-street abortions and pushes women the on lowest incomes and those the with poorest access information to into most dangerous the activities for sexual and reproductive health.
I consider constant therefore use of water protection and of water resources to be indispensable.
(FI) Mr President, I believe that of all us in the European and Union the European Parliament want peace for region peace that - and a cease-fire.
I with agree Mrs Boogerd-Quaak that the carbon tax might go a very long way towards developing this And sector.
This necessary was for the sake the of health and safety of our children.
this procedure, the Council must demonstrate In flexibility.
Yet - and this is something learnt I at school primary - the Sun is the all source of energy and I believe that we must focus on in the Sun future.
All these need things to be kept in a reasonable balance, and I do not doubt that the of European Court Justice is aware of its in responsibilities this respect.
One-minute on speeches matters of political importance
Presidency’s of declaration 2 February is very clear: the European views Union the move King's as a serious setback for the prospect of a negotiated and democratically-based solution to the current The conflict.
A in state which numerous officials have been involved in scandals, in some cases for misappropriation of funds.
We now know that this is a very sensitive issue in the United Kingdom.
However, will this be extremely difficult in the coming years.
Firstly, the purpose of temporary work agencies, as an instrument for flexibility in labour market, the which reconcile the aspirations of workers the with needs of companies.
Mr President, we agreement had an with the rapporteur. His intention was to an submit oral amendment, whereupon we would our withdraw own amendment.
First of all, I that feel it vital is to complementarity, improve and coherence the cost-benefit ratio, these for are necessary to bridge the gap between the various stages of international assistance, the grey famous zone, and, more generally, for the of effectiveness the s Union' development cooperation policy and overall.
The latest science us tells we need be to reducing emissions by around 9% on year year.
like applicant the countries, other to Slovakia needs continue to huge make efforts to reform its economy if it to is in succeed making the difficult transition from a state-run economy to a market economy; we Europeans have a responsibility to help our Slovak friends overcome these Furthermore, difficulties.
The issue of storage data splendidly illustrates the way in the which pillar system has to come the end of the road.
should We a take further look at three aspects for an overall approach to sports policy in the European Union.
with In accordance Communist custom, these brigades were entirely controlled by Communist party cells and secret their services, as was whole the republican regime.
Iran, the Middle East, climate terrorism change, other and many issues: Russia is an essential of part all of this.
All of these amendments are admissible and I have had discussions again with the Presidency Swedish make that to certain they are in line.
Unfortunately, such circumstances apply in this instance.
migrant would also ask Commission the to present proposals in the future near on asylum immigration and policy that clearly distinguish between asylum seekers, those international requesting protection and We workers.
we Fifthly, need to creation the speed-up of new businesses, since the greatest is potential to be found in small and medium-sized enterprises and because many people young want to become instructors and to adopt the American system business of angels.
should not be made compulsory where is there an existing protection for scheme; example the UK's Pension Protection Fund, set up the by previous Labour Government, already provides a high level of to protection scheme pension members and This beneficiaries.
We do still not have any right of codetermination in agriculture, which is why our only option is to refer this report back to and committee I urge the House to vote favour in of my motion.
President, the report by Mrs Ghilardotti whom highly I commend in-depth, is an comprehensive examination of all the problems related to the promotion of the role of organizations and Mr foundations.
(RO) I am a firm advocate Turkey's of accession the to European Union.
This is programme to presented other the institutions including, - of course, Parliament, which debates it every year - and accessible is to the public.
(IT) Translation and interpreting of work our as representatives the of peoples of Europe play a vital part in ensuring its and and legitimacy transparency bringing our Parliament ever to closer European citizens.
13.
This has been discussed for many years at European level, so it is a not new issue.
By relying firstly the on draft regulation on the identity of the operator, which includes assessment criteria for companies that will enable us get to started on the blacklist, and also the on SAFA directive, transposed all in Member States, the with regard to the aircraft of third countries, this give us will instrument an that, hope, I will mark very a important in aviation step safety.
They need not help only in order to survive, but also in order to bring about change.
Regional cooperation and the European are agenda linked.
Smaller businesses, whether at start-up or the whether trying expand, to have enough cost and difficulty trying to give belt-and-braces guarantees to without banks there being an added tier of financial expectation.
Our democratic duties oblige us to this, do as do our obligations within the partnership.
is There the problem of competition from Korea, and countries from which not only give public subsidies, which but reduce standards of employment, which and do not respect the rights of workers.
I may add that the Commission is convinced since that, a study is not the necessary, mere fact of announcing it send would a distorted and inappropriate the signal to industry concerned, which could the further adjustments delay required for that industry adapt to to the adopted decision so many years ago and due to take 30 effect on June 1999.
I should like to start saying by that, behind transport intelligent systems, there are all the same European funds, that and was I somewhat amazed to discover how they practically were all channelled towards cars.
There is, therefore, an need establish urgent to procedures to combat illegal trade in timber by analysing and overseeing the trading patterns more effectively.
If you other have some statistics, then maybe things are different.
And if the European Central Bank remains to opposed this, I wonder, if you Commissioner, would not be able to take action order in to make this possible, by amending Regulation the of 3 May 1998.
We must also ensure that the food that is imported into the European Union meets within standards the European the Union.
I am now going to answer questions, five which are grouped together and cover the same theme.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I truly regret your reply.
Agency will also supervise internal the markets in electricity and natural gas, thus contributing to all the efforts made to enhance energy The security.
We not forget should that for responsibility service will still be the obligation of the state.
They must their shoulder individual collective and responsibility to these win referendum campaigns by the showing why these voters reforms are for them and why this is truly the Constitution for Europe.
Mr President, Madam President-in-Office of the Council, Madam Vice-President the of European Commission, the experience acquired over recent years from dealing with natural and man-made disasters revealed that has there shortcomings are in the capacity for national and, intervention increased expectations consequently, of Community assistance assistance, which will to need have the of attributes effective intervention in field the of prevention and rapid response.
The very that fact are they engaged in a process joint of addressing global imbalance and agreeing, on for example, financial regulation, should be for recognised what is: it enormous that progress would simply have not been possible years some ago, and the Summit Seoul was an important further step in and that process the launching of a agenda, new not a one-off spectacular event.
Mr President, the Commission has proposal tabled a concerning certain changes to tobacco growing.
The committee is however, pleased, that in the European Year of People with Disabilities there to appears be progress the on cross-border export of certain disability benefits.
Have salt in yourselves, and at peace be with one another.
Worst all, of we are like behaving a rabbit fascinated by the boa constrictor snake or to about bite it and we are obeying this imperial my policy; last hope that is will France resist this general tendency of world the to grovel.
The debt relief Republic for the of Iraq, and would I call it substantial debt relief, was which on decided by the Paris Club in November, is without doubt indispensable if the country’s economy is to be rebuilt, and if also a sovereign Iraq democratic with legitimate and institutions is to be reborn.
We must respect our health and the health of others.
agree I that the principles need to be redefined, believe but I that should we devise instead transversal, a horizontal strategy which will tackle this minority's problems in an integrated, not but exclusive manner.
A subsequent return liberalism of will as come no surprise.
would indeed be the case, and I am very happy to hear being the opinion clearly expressed that Parliament support would this legislative proposal in form the That proposed.
This must be emphatically underscored for, Commission, via others the too can share in the success of ARGO.
We will, however, endeavour to take the by amendments Parliament suggested into consideration as much as during possible deliberations in the Council.
It therefore makes to sense introduce this over concern employment into European policies.
There is a third point of and order, hope I it will the be last.
a In of couple days, in Madrid, you attend will the second EU-Latin America and Caribbean Summit of Heads of State, which renew aims to and boost relations these between two regions.
I hope that will the directive provide not only fair competition at airports, but also result in increased passenger safety, and protect passengers from excessive or landing take-off fees.
all know that coal can very easily be replaced by gas or other sources, energy but it is not so easy to CO2 cut emissions for cement lime, and We steel.
A text joint setting out financial the framework is vital to enable finance ministers to allow opposite their numbers the in agriculture ministries to implement long-debated the reform of the common agricultural policy, but there was no consensus.
In November 2004, in his to address the European Council, – President Josep Borrell you yourself, Mr President – signalled that the Parliament was European willing to be flexible in this matter order secure in to an early agreement.
is That of one the great contributions of European civilisation to man's heritage.
As regards the Commission's internal structure, the number of directorates-general has been order increased in to employment give to a number growing of Commissioners. If we continue in this direction, as the number Commissioners of is to from increase to 30, 20 we will again be creating the same number of directorates-general.
The work programme of Presidency the Netherlands appears to ignore this.
is This the approach that should we follow, but having that, said unless is there guarantee a that GMO and non-GMO crops can with coexist one another, the best in regulations the world will useless be if GMOs are present everywhere in nature.
Firstly, we should not recognise the results either of the or elections the referendum.
Thirdly, it not is obvious that the assumption of new these competences by the Union, to be exercised in accordance the with rules of comitology, requires the inclusion of ground a of competence which not does exist in the current Treaty, even the and definition of a common defence policy, which still is so far from being reached?
Ultimately, it is important to to me emphasise that biometric data may under no circumstances be used for dishonest purposes.
The Joint EU-Africa Strategy and the Action Plan will decided be on there.
sanctions What will the Commission impose then for non-implementation of EU environment law?
That is the conclusion that we the in Committee on have Petitions drawn, during many the visits by Mr Diamandouros present to his annual reports, like the we one are today examining in this House, other reports or his within remit.
have much heard about ex-presidents, the Pope, academics; they all one have thing in they common, are totally We powerless.
Council. have until now been more than contradictions anything else in the There
Money must then also be allocated to these lines, because - I have as told this House three times already if - a disaster in strikes middle the of August and emergency aid takes until just before Christmas to arrive, then that not is emergency aid at all!
I want to congratulate Ries: Mrs has she not minced her words.
Europe. amendment the was result of talks meetings and in sometimes distant parts of Each
Subject: Immigration in the wake of EU-Africa the summit
· Selective support for a small group of what are - by standards Greek - medium-sized large and enterprises, with view a to their consolidating satellite role around the monopolies and strengthening the used processes capital to and concentrate production.
Therefore, I would like express to my esteem for UN the initiative.
Does your statement reflect and thoughts that ideas really are discussed the behind Commission’s closed doors?
Without to pre-empt wishing him, I would like to say that we are all very pleased with his personal to commitment the matter.
on behalf of the Group. GUE/NGL - Mr (DE) ladies President, and gentlemen, Mr Mitchell, this House, the Council and the Commission have spent much time wrangling the future development over instrument, finance and have actually up ended finding a largely sustainable compromise.
However, the reason I asked leave speak to was thank, to on behalf of my group, two men in this Chamber who campaigned have tirelessly for the rights of Palestinians the that in same spirit.
- (FR) The European Parliament has today its opinion expressed of the proposed directive on the roadside technical of inspection the roadworthiness commercial of vehicles.
President, Commissioner, and ladies gentlemen, fishing with drift nets is now a turning into real for test the credibility of Community institutions as a Mr whole.
I am very pleased that there seems to be a concern right the across different political groups this of House.
Nevertheless, the study the of different countries, from particularly the point of view of economic criteria, the led Commission to proposals make which have given the impression that it was setting itself up in judgement by distinguishing two categories countries of the amongst applicants.
There however, a is, market for massive processed eggs for the confectionery sector and we need to know what sort labelling of requirements there will be for that product.
The core first issue to which you referred was the issue the new of Constitutional Treaty and the Convention.
Prime Minister, two in time, weeks' your presidency of the European Union will to come an end.
this Treaty becomes reality, the Parliament European will have equal powers of codecision in of 90-95% If cases.
Thank you, and to welcome the House!
That is the real, genuine threat Europe, in and I have not even mentioned the CIS states yet.
I therefore voted favour in of this report.
It is obvious from the hearings - indeed without them it is obvious - there that are major areas of overlap and therefore potential conflict in operational responsibilities the within college.
Sadly I enough, that believe answer the to question that has to be no, notwithstanding the respect it is possible to feel the for competence of Commissioners-designate some as individuals.
Madam President, failure of such financial markets has never happened until now.
It paragraph therefore is right that we should allow medical to tests be carried out on those who cannot give their consent in only certain clearly defined and exceptional cases, as specified quite in clearly 12.1.
Annex 6, part C of Regulation this includes a derogation for materials raw for of the production conventional gelatine, as non-organically produced products agricultural may, up to a certain percentage, be included in the manufacture of organic products.
I am delighted that the additional priorities Parliament to wanted the introduce for guidelines have indeed been largely reflected in the document on the which Council in decided August.
Mr President, the plain and uncomfortable truth is that the old Member States were more than happy open to up where markets they held the competitive advantage, namely the concerning flow of free capital.
Mercury sulphide is almost completely insoluble, means which that it can be stored safely.
At European Union level, we with deal 5% - I repeat, 5% - of Union European public money is devoted which to research.
In I feel that it is premature to ask the Commission produce to a proposal on future the of the 2 Objective and regions the future of Community initiatives even before the third report economic on and social cohesion is published, not least that in the time necessary frames for an in-depth analysis to be carried out by 2003 December - Commissioner Barnier's deadline for presenting the report - have not established been and we have not provided been with the necessary particular, information.
Part I
We will miss him a great deal.
The Pastrana government - and we congratulate them on - this are using the strength inherent in a new government to open negotiations with the of strongest the factions, warring with all the this difficulties involves.
No! 
Forgive me, this was not very polite of me.
The vote take will place on Thursday 23 2011. June
They the anticipate future forecast and the of evolution society, because they see more quickly and further than politicians.
On the negative side: the return of the refugees is still faltering.
The Parliament European must not in German meddle domestic politics but we must have a European Parliament resolution because if we do not Parliament will have nothing achieved and the matter is far too serious to allow that to happen.
The is idea ‘regulate’ access to to medicines so-called for underdeveloped countries, in a such way that the multinationals charge can less, thus enabling them to increase their markets without losing the privileged status that they enjoy.
decision The on starting the date for the mission is to expected adopted be at the session of the EU General Affairs and Council External Relations at the end of this 28 month, January 2008.
I the commend Commission for the stand strong has in it taken refusing to allow individual bilaterals between Member States within the EU and the United States.
Pollution from the ever increasing number of fish-farming units also severe places strain on marine the environment and the functioning of ecosystems.
update the length of time since communication this was produced perhaps now would be a good time for the to Commission Given it.
A delegation made up of a European number of including parliamentarians, myself, from political different groups - although an not official parliamentary delegation, it out arose of the resolution unanimously approved last Thursday in Strasbourg concerning Mrs Karla Tucker who had been to condemned and death was in prison in Texas - was denied access to death in row Gatesville prison in Austin the by and prison governor authorities in Texas.
Mr President, there is almost no hope left that presidential elections the in next Belarus will Sunday be free and fair.
European Food Authority
Commissioner mentioned The figures, the as did other this of members Parliament, and they appear in the final declaration of the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) World Summit on Food Security: over a billion people around the world are suffering from hunger and 40 million die every year a as result of poverty.
The report justifiably took up the problem particular of VAT fraud in Community and the the significant losses accruing to the States. Member
We should condemn categorically such obvious breaches the of human rights and fundamental that form freedoms the basis of our democratic societies.
Part I
On the same subject, may I ask you to provide for closer monitoring.
Today it is Georgia, tomorrow it could Ukraine. be
In places where are molluscs most abundant and - I thinking of am the Ferrol and estuaries Arosa - the size of carpetshells does not exceed 36 or 38 millimetres.
You not, must see this therefore, decision as indicative a lack of of a foreign policy, or that we under caved pressure, but of the Union' assessment s of the risk, considering the proposed amendments, of finding ourselves, for the of sake the legitimate campaign we share, way some behind the we positions have gained earlier.
Furthermore, while approving new the multiannual financial framework, it is necessary to consider the plans drafted and to ensure they the have required financing.
It is a that pity the final version of report the suffers shades from the of colonial era on a number of issues.
would That be a humanitarian gesture Israel that could make at a crucial time.
President, Mr Mr thank Apolinário, you for your words of encouragement.
you If look, though, at the unemployment figures not only in Germany, but also in my own Austria, country it of would appear these that efforts have already proved fruitless, for the has to point be made that, at the same time as have jobs from migrated them to low-wage countries, illegal immigration has a created at new underclass home.
Union. own my country's case, it is up the to British Government to something do about it, and is it up to each national government, because the the situation, conditions economic and the social conditions differently apply throughout the European In
In case, any Mr if Guerrero, we have not been misinformed, this oral amendment affects paragraph 34 and not paragraph 31.
regard to the Lisbon agenda, I should like to quote Pascal, who that said he liked things that go hand in With hand.
Order of business
Had that we happened, should be not in this situation today.
The report here says editors that and journalists complain about undue political pressure.
In fact, risk assessments have actually been carried out.
All this of in addition the to by report the Miert van group, which draws up networks the within the context of twenty-seven countries: the pan-European network.
like I should to thank the rapporteur his for own amendments and for those accepted by the Committee Agriculture on and Rural Development.
I did not it think possible in such short a of space time, and I think that we can be all proud of the way you managed to achieve this.
Impartiality, efficiency and transparency are the most important things here, and in-court must proceedings be not ruled out entirely.
Democrats. at another example of EU legislation championed by the Look Liberal
In addition, always I emphasise that we talk should more about prevention, and invest in above it all else.
for Take, instance, their socalled Chinese diplomats. They have free access to this Parliament yet we Parliamentarians are no accorded absolutely respect in return.
EU must impose high standards on these international operators, and this takes us report some the of way The there.
We profoundly regret that negotiations relating the to linguistic have regime resulted in a stalemate, with no of prospect reaching the necessary consensus in foreseeable the future.
If we create a new after instrument all, why do we not aside set some new money at the same time?
We have now learnt that it has since been decided that this decision be will taken the on basis of hard figures.
proposal The will also remove the obligation current on Member States to transmit lists of fishing licenses fishing or permits to the Commission, which instead will be made accessible by electronic means to national the control services, to those of Member other States, to and the Commission.
Will there be substantial a difference from officials’ salaries, is or an effort being made strike to a balance?
this leads us to talk in of terms altering the Stability and Growth this Pact, must not be done of because the complex present economic for situation, would that political be opportunism; instead, discussion must be a consequence the of construct being fundamentally If dysfunctional.
That is what we mean by a social Europe - this active labour market policy we in that need individual the States, Member which the European Union and the Council in particular give must out clear a message about.
Here, the economy does not yet seem to be in a position to propose sensible a model.
It is therefore highly that desirable now from on should they be involved in the work we ourselves can do the within European Union.
And yet the problem persists.
the Regarding keeping of animals, the European Union has different legislation from of other parts world, the and policy our makes animals more vulnerable to disease.
The enlarged EU was to Romania include and Bulgaria, Schengen area the was enlarged include to nine new countries, the euro zone was enlarged to include three new states and the euro has gradually started to replace the dollar as international the currency around the world.
But the of number innovations successfully introduced on to the market pitifully is small.
It provides only the real means of addressing the varied threats today: of weapons terrorism, of mass destruction, poverty, and hunger disease; together with new, or rather growing, challenges as such migration – to which Secretary-General the has particular made reference today.
Tomorrow's vote, however, is only the beginning.
Over the few past months, the since beginning of in October fact, I have spent more than two weeks in that country.
European of Year Volunteering (2011) (
The Stockholm Summit should emphasise the also significance of new by technology developing the action for plan and e-Europe obstacles removing to the growth of biotechnology and its significance for innovation and growth.
There must be identical an for system the sexes, two while recognizing the greater longevity natural of the female sex.
The creation a of would European tax be one more step towards the creation of a European super-state, is which something our people not do want.
We want journalists to able be to move around so freely that the situation as really it is can be indeed reported.
national is to prevent national parliamentarians appearing more regularly in European the Parliament and parliamentarians European more regularly in the What parliaments?
At the sitting, last we discussed the US-EU Summit.
This is a fundamental issue, and does it not concern only environmental policy.
That falls within the jurisdiction national of governments, as do ethical issues involving embryos.
Furthermore, I agree with Mr that Olsson we ought really to far be innovative more in agriculture policy.
Furthermore, we are no by means GMOs convinced that can to contribute agricultural productivity and development; we are barely convinced even they that can help reduce certain pesticides, as is being stated already in American studies on a large number of areas cultivated GMOs. with
There must be improved access to land and credit for women to encourage the establishment of in women areas rural as and actors in the agricultural sector.
President, in March 2007, an environmental organisation asked correspondence for between the European Commission and the industry automobile to be disclosed the during course of consultations the on preparation of a legislative proposal on carbon dioxide Mr emissions.
I hope it follows lead the given by foreign ministers, which makes the discussion occasions on these less rather formal and hidebound.
It is word for what word agreed we earlier on for electricity.
It is because husband her has died.
Time and again time we hear telling people us that military action the is answer, that it will a be military quick action that and once it is over everything will be sorted out.
They are saying, more Mercosur, integration more and more better and democracy.
From that of point view, there therefore, is indeed a will to all combat of forms discrimination against citizens from minority groups.
It noted is that this service will involve more than 5 000 people the in in EU embassies various countries around the world.
you Are that leader, Mr Barroso?
Neither my are thanks diminished the by fact that has the called rapporteur 32 Members, of which I am one, a group of narrow-minded individuals.
What can be done?
On issue, this the ALDE Group is in full agreement with the Commission always and has opposed the proliferation national of labels.
the I spoke to Greek Cypriot Minister, Foreign Mr Kasoulides, I last week, said to him that now was the time to build bridges to Turkish Cypriots, to find ways reducing of the economic isolation of northern Cyprus and to use that language encourage might support for Turkish people for bi-communal and genuine bi-zonal Cyprus as called for in the United Nations When resolutions.
This is not, my in view, compatible with its institutional role control of and supervision.
We therefore hard worked very on a Commission communication reinvigorating on the Barcelona Process, which in turn provided the main input the for Foreign Euro-Mediterranean Ministers' in meeting last Marseilles November where our ideas were overwhelmingly endorsed.
Those are a of few the measures with which we fight can racism and xenophobia effectively.
The Austrian largely compromise satisfies these demands.
date, only Luxembourg and Switzerland have been able to do anything like meet its convergence To criteria.
We need to distinguish between information and advertising.
The area only where I, and Committee the on Environment, the whose opinion I presented, differ from our and friends colleagues in the Committee on Legal Affairs, is on the issue of whether have we gone right the way terms in consumer of protection.
We often about talk dignity the of Parliament, but that also us involves being given an answer to question this by the secretariat.
Considering that obtaining a visa EU for the still a poses great problem citizens for the of Bosnia and Herzegovina, I upon call the Commission to continue with the and dialogue to do its utmost to implement the road maps with the of objective establishing a visa-free regime with Bosnia Herzegovina and as soon as possible.
This will allay the anxiety of many farmers.
I voted favour in of the part first of paragraph 71 of the Jeggle report, for following the reasons.
am sorry really that the forces that, if even they are not willing or able to prevent this completely, court want to downgrade it to some sort of rubberstamp are gaining ground the in USA and China and Russia and other I countries.
They are result the of a aspiration new for men and women throughout the to world, go to work other in countries, to benefit from other experiences.
How will EMU function?
You have spoken of an enduring development, you spoken have and of peace of stability.
Mr Brok's report confirms the sense the of Union's European enlargement strategy.
like, I should the at same time, to say that Europe suffers from too little credibility.
This has to do nothing with the legitimate defence of the security of Israel.
Had we been even only as half courageous, determined, and willing to implement our own as decisions the United States of America, we would have achieved more in the Balkans.
The military was above the law.
any event, Mr Elchlepp was given floor the as as an exception author of the question, but we are not going open to the debate In again.
But disagree I with him and others proper on the scope of the anti-terrorist laws.
Certainly, you can convey this element; can you also be very positive and that say it is progress.
I believe we would do better to put Pakistan on next our agenda as a proper debate with the Council and the Commission, because in that, my view, is what we need most.
This would be a starting true point for institutions that safeguard, control, not citizens' lives.
The parties also represent the transnational dimension of the EU's process of political integration.
We 3%. to set a growth target of at least need
My last point is I this: think we need to think very seriously, as we are invited to do the by on Committee Women's Rights, about pornography in and itself, just not as it involves children, because we seem to be witnessing dehumanization a of sexuality in our European countries.
What are you doing, in with conjunction London Paris, and to ensure that proposal this become can a reality straight away?
And what been has done lays the foundations for a that breakthrough on all remains to be done in this sector the at Intergovernmental Conference, having the courage regard to certain issues as Community immigration issues: and the right of and asylum, above all a legal basis to cover fraud.
Unfortunately, are there no clear signs solutions of to the conflicts concerning, example, for Nagorno-Karabakh, South Ossetia or Abkhazia.
Thirdly, EU the structural policies will very soon represent the EU first budget.
Daphne programme today as takes its legal base Article 152 of EC the Treaty on health The protection.
would I like to say that - on of behalf the shadows of the other groups as well - I think the European is Parliament a serious partner, fully available to give input in this process.
At 8 least people were killed the in Kandhamal area.
Also, a declaration political will add to precautions, these specifying that the decision does cover not people who are acting to preserve restore or democratic or values, people who are exercising the right to express their opinions, if, even while that exercising they right, commit offences.
Let us remember that must we provide an institutional framework enabling these peoples to feel and secure allowing not them only to maintain their own structures also but to up step their relations Europe, with so as have to their prospects own for the future.
in writing. - (PL) Mr President, higher has education become widely more accessible and numbers growing of women are university gaining degrees.
There are signs that things are starting to because fall apart of a wide of variety counteracting trends.
As true a she politician, also wants to give some guidance.
This reform is also critical we if want to live up to the challenges of globalisation reinforce and role the of in customs protecting our citizens companies and from security and safety hazards as such counterfeiting, dangerous goods or the of devices international terrorism.
I would like clarification as which to coherent and financial transparent instrument will be used for the return in policy question readmission and agreements in particular.
The tragic events in the United States have increased uncertainty and the risks negative for anticipated general growth.
provisions These should also viewed be in the light of the Treaty a as whole, which leaves the Member States most the important role, both under Article D, which the entrusts Council European with responsibility for providing the Union the necessary with and impetus defining the general political guidelines thereof, and Article which gives 145, the power Council to the take decisions, coordinate economic policies, and confer implementing powers on the Commission.
The Commission can inform the honorable that Member the disagreement in question concerned the scope of the obligation to inform the Article Commission under 5 of Directive 93/84/EEC.
from Mr Hoelgaard, Denmark, has been promoted to of director vegetable products so, after poisoning animals, the is he now in charge of the Meldrum Mr has been pensioned off, that the is only punishment, and nothing at all has happened to Mr Marchant. vegetables.
Finally, allow me, as an to Austrian, take this to opportunity comment on another that subject has been in news the again in recent days.
been It has a very long time and this is of one the most difficult reports have I seen in twelve years in Parliament.
nothing is there done can be about this itself, in but I seriously think that Finland too, perhaps and especially, given her as status a relatively new unknown Member State, should have had her own individual City of Culture There celebration.
The good news is Morocco that has recently become the country first Islamic to sign this particular of piece international for legislation, I which would like to congratulate that country.
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, too I should like to start with a brief word of thanks to the shadow rapporteurs for this topic, Mr Krahmer, Mrs Weisgerber and Mr Wijkman, with along all shadow other rapporteurs who have to contributed this positive outcome.
do recognise in Commission the that asynchronous approvals of GMOs can a represent problem for the availability and cost feed of We imports.
In this area too - in view our of imminent enlargement to include Europe Eastern - we should not saying be that companies must not relocate; we should be saying that we must to try retain control of and innovation, that that means the research funds can certainly have part a to play and that the European Commission can be a also source of encouragement.
other words, States that have learned the lesson that and they are willing to give proof incontrovertible that they are cooperation improving in the fight against In terrorism.
The Pakistani may Government differences have with the insurance under However, no circumstances the can seamen, especially those who arrived well after the event in order to help clean up the environment, held be as hostages as a negotiating element the between Pakistani and authorities the company. insurance company.
And those freedoms - national freedoms will triumph - in the end, despite all your feeble machinations.
The statistics also show a health tragic situation.
To answer Mrs Koppa as well, whose speech sophisticated, was very remain sanctions a political instrument.
first The is addressed to Mr Gauzès.
I would like have to three minutes, which is fraction a of the length of time subject this has been discussed, just to explain my point of view.
The codecision will procedure spread to almost all policies, European and the of role in Parliament democratic supervision, the creation of international agreements and appointment the of the top European representatives be will strengthened.
And we do not even know the whether energy balance is positive.
The 1993 Directive does, however, establish 48-hour a maximum working week, thereby according protection basic for most workers, the main exception being managers.
Madam ladies President, and what after gentlemen, has by been said Council the and the Commission, which has put this crisis in its historical and political context, I if put can it that it way, is now my duty to tell you a few things that may be to new you, which information I brought back with me early this morning.
We have enlarged the EU; now we have to ensure the that EU of the future, with than 25 more Member States, can function also effectively.
Individual attempts from both to sides regulate arms the will trade have more chance of success they if are attuned.
Our task, however, that of the Council, Parliament and the Commission, is to ensure that the world’s four – preferably or 25 – best are that European: is our common responsibility.
Ageing is not a territorial problem.
The international community, including the European Union, is obliged to give aid humanitarian to the victims of this disaster, who completely are of bereft basic entire necessities.
of President-in-Office the Council. - (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, I would like thank to all for MEPs their comments, and suggestions observations.
Ethiopia plays an important role in the African Union an and important role in development.
I would to like respond to some the of problems which have been raised.
The motion, course, is of only directed against the Commission, and that indeed, collectively.
All too frequently, these patents used are improperly by (invariably American) giants computer large with in-house legal departments to take 'offenders' to court.
I would to like conclude by thanking you for Parliament's for the support Commission work on this important dossier.
the rapporteur, the Democrats Liberal want to ensure that rapid progress is made, that see we the benefits maximum the in shortest possible Like period.
It is also difficult to out work how the is EU become to responsive more if the responsibilities of newly the created posts are only outlined in the treaty.
finally, And what is the Council proposing do to in terms the of enlargement negotiations with Romania, where I believe is this also a problem?
Commissioner, I ask you to be attentive to the phenomenon of dowry in financial So, the sector.
We to need find common strategies problem-solving in form the of regional conventions, set and update criteria and data on areas mountain and fund mountain-related projects practical, under the framework sixth programme, extend the basic infrastructure needed and training provide and further training so that the population keeps abreast of events and strengthen transport networks in mountain regions, taking account of the principle sustainability, of in order to safeguard these regions as habitats and areas and economic nature areas.
resolve To this, the 1993 constitution President gave the considerable powers and left the Duma with the power to block all decisions and all reforms.
Lastly, in terms of boosting European competitiveness, we want to strengthen our external in strategy a spirit of reciprocity and mutual benefit.
Inevitably, it makes many us of feel uncomfortable when find we our own being countries referred to as not ratified having many the of human rights conventions.
It is now largely accepted that the Member cannot States meet challenges these alone.
is communication at present being scrutinized by Parliament, I This hope.
It is called a 'transfer from the first pillar the to second pillar'.
it So will read as follows: after mentioning Zmitser Dashkevich, I would add like to 'and Yauhen Afnahel on December 6 2009'.
We must not put at risk what already has been achieved.
Not only should hand-rolling tobacco continue to enjoy tax a advantage because that is good for in the jobs small business sector, but shag is supposedly the cigarette, poor man's since the poor man cannot afford real cigarettes.
The European Commission very has been good the in support it has given through intervention.
Its significance was due the to increased of difficulty rigging the results.
Because of the negative attitude Council of the there is now in front of you an for alternative the solution year to 1997: strengthen financing the of the revision priorities using all the margins in Categories 3, and 4 5.
I am also certain that shall we not stand to indifferent such which high-handedness drags us decades back to times the of a dark society totalitarian that should have been bygone forever.
Mr    President, ladies and gentlemen, the felt affection for Europe by many European citizens unfortunately, is, beginning to wane.
In my we opinion, should also adapt the economic policy to the social policy.
In litigation before the European Court of Justice not only do the take proceedings place between parties the immediate - this in instance, the Commission and France but - also Member States are perfectly entitled to in intervene those proceedings: UK the or indeed any other Member State.
It also for calls more support for diversification developing in countries, and highlights the importance of policy space for these countries to the enable development of not least agricultural their sector.
Although it is not fair to say that the continent African been has neglected, given the volume public of development aid that Europe available makes to continent, this however, we can, talk about a strategic in vacuum the relationship between Europe and Africa.
I am assured that report is wrong.
the ECHO, Community humanitarian European office, allocated has over ECU 7.4m during 1996 to international aid agencies and NGOS in Chechnya and Northern the Caucasus.
She upon calls those who MEPs act as Parliament's representatives in ACP-EU the Joint Assembly to act responsibly.
Higher prices mean energy that energy-intensive in businesses will Europe simply give up and go away, to more favourable jurisdictions.
generally More speaking, it recommends nothing in for particular the European Union even though the G7 itself has the stressed need for measures to promote recovery and growth.
The best to way create the necessary conditions for this preserving varied and natural special area is common through endeavour.
It was on that we basis that determined to vote against all the resolutions that were put forward in this House other than our which own, determined that we should adopt and abide the by 2000 Agenda package, as per first our reading.
That is a very serious point that you making are the and Bureau will into look it.
We should be able to judge, from one year to the next, whether things have generally improved by certain a percentage.
Technology should show the us way.
Mr President, Mrs Breyer and Mrs McKenna are the possible worst for advertisement without life additives.
There are marked between inequalities the systems healthcare of the Member States, however.
is Broadband an indispensable means of communication for rural areas, especially in for Austria, and new modern and jobs for rapid information delivery.
I hope therefore that whatever other is action taken or proves to be necessary in the course of future months, no one, least of all Member, the honourable will to give try a totally and distorted view exaggerated of what the European Commission can do the in event of any extremely unfortunate, regrettable highly and totally counterproductive action that might be contemplated in some at quarters time the of the Cup World in France.
At times like this, when we are fraudulently-fattened seeing livestock and the use of unauthorised products, becomes for it essential the market to provide reasonably-priced, quality good natural feedingstuffs, such as some of those that this regulation and concerns, specifically vetches.
Since we met last here, we have learned deep with sadness the of deaths of great two Europeans, Gaston and Thorn Raymond Barre, eminent both men who dedicated themselves to service the of their countries as outstanding Prime Ministers and of Members the Commission. European
So not we do agree with Amendments Nos 31, 19 and 32.
if Therefore, possible before the 2000 year - and we cannot over-emphasise the urgency of in acting fields which could grow at rates something of like 40 % a year I - repeat that we must take essential measures:
Through the trans-Atlantic agenda we a framework have to develop further Europe's relations with the United States.
are storms blowing across countries the call we our neighbours - Arab spring, winds of change, imagery whatever we There use.
The honey processing and lines packing offer competitive advantages in terms of market access, quality attractiveness and of the products to consumers.
with Now Kosovo, is Russia bringing strong pressure to bear because of its right of veto.
There no is in my doubt mind that Eurostat have should wider powers, in particular, to make on-site inspections in Member States.
We cannot lose sight of commitment our to combating climate change.
I obviously reply cannot to all the questions raised, you I should nevertheless like say to something about EMS II and unemployment, two subjects were which mentioned in every almost Although question.
I defend also protectionism, which red to tries safeguard workers' rights and prevent malpractice, such as the use of child labour.
We cannot have it both ways.
That why is the British welcome Conservatives this report and congratulate all of who those helped have to bring forward these long-overdue measures.
what Anyone witnessing is in happening Africa present at and seeing how helpless we are anything to do about it, anyone seeing trade how disputes are increasing even between western industrialized nations and how are becoming problems more acute in many regions of and Asia in India, reading anyone the ILO report on the hundreds of millions of into children forced what in some cases amounts to slave labour - anyone these seeing things will recognize that the WTO is becoming more and more important in acting to resolve conflicts in and giving people the throughout world the feeling that are there such things as legal frameworks and systems are which worth fighting for.
As from year, next development sustainable will be a item permanent on the agenda of the European Council' s spring meetings.
Could you advise me if they had authority to film in the in manner they which did?
we If want to have a well-balanced strong, Europe, need we to focus a great deal of on attention economic development in the regions of new the Member in States to order reduce the existing disparities.
We are at concerned the extension of the concept of human rights to include, for example, domestic which violence, is properly a matter to be handled under other legal instruments.
number The of ecopoints and the other administrative aspects of agreement the were agreed order in ensure to non-discriminatory treatment of Community trucks during the validity of the ecopoints system inside the Community.
This is a strange to way behave.
Without them, we would have seen the continued brutal repression of Shias the and the Kurds.
I would ask to you note the that correct version is the English version.
The report calls for a real balance between and public private interests.
Something should be done this, about too.
I think emphasis that should be put on the building of coastguard or marine vessels protection to control and monitor the common fisheries policy.
None of us would here personally enter into a business private or financial agreement without being of sure how and when that would obligation come an to end.
The fact that we have had to wait for almost ten years after the fall of the Berlin wall in to order initiate negotiations recognize which as fully European the Poles, Hungarians, Czechs, all who those have been together lumped under the CEECs acronym dreadful and who written have the pages of European history as much as we and have, in the participated development its of civilization to the same extent we as have. This a says lot about the unsuitability of concepts the which the Commission uses in an intangible to way new the European reality.
There is no point in asking a number of workers to remain in an undertaking or in paying their with wages public the money if undertaking closes down later.
Last week, government the accepted a legislative amendment concerning the national language which, according to the does government, not affect the minorities' language however, use; the itself bill suggests otherwise.
you intend to take an initiative this on score and do support the you for troika Ethiopia and Eritrea where another war is threatening to break Do out?
Therefore, because we will have to a reach level of 20% renewable energy with support the and commitment of the Member States in nine and years will to have evaluate the situation means constantly by of progress reports, the powers the of Member States be will reduced to 80% or to even than less this.
I (FR) would advise my fellow Members from Group the Socialist in the European and Parliament the of Group the Greens/European Free Alliance to carefully think before opposing this, otherwise we risk voting the against amendment as a whole.
All previous has talk focused exclusively the on wrongs committed by public bodies.
At this present there time is no alternative to the strict monetary policy.
wish congratulate to Mr Corbett and Méndez de Mr Vigo, who are both at present speaking on their phones mobile – I hope they are Nokias! – on excellent their I report.
I wish to draw attention at to least two points: is one the wage gap between men and women.
Control personal of information well is placed with the national registration authorities.
When are they ever to going learn?
Assisting countries developing in setting up fair and effective tax systems is another to issue be strengthened.
Mr Schulz the was first to one about speak it, and was very frank, as was Mrs Napoletano.
One of long-term the aims set was a 70% increase in the rate. is employment to This be achieved by the raising retirement age, depriving thus citizens of the restful retirement they are entitled to.
This code has proved its usefulness but deficient is in two important areas.
Even though the WHO classified the H1N1 influenza as a minor illness, at the same it time, pandemic issued a warning level of the 6, highest possible level.
The communication has been produced showing how the is mainstreaming Commission gender equality in development cooperation.
I refer, in particular, to industrial the triangle of Syracuse in Sicily, is which the largest complex in petrochemical Europe.
Everyone can understand developing why countries may have a less ambitious environmental agenda our to own.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (PT) I Madam President, note the spirit of compromise the shown by Socialist and, benches on behalf of the Group, PPE-DE I must say that we are also open to compromise will and not therefore oppose this suggestion.
is That why it is disgraceful that Sweden is now the timetable putting at risk and making conditional enlargement upon agricultural policy.
Time will tell which cases cannot be included in the of list so supplements, I suggest therefore that cases such be resolved impartially individually, and in people’s interests.
I believe amendments the to realistic; be believe I the amendments to be and minimalist; believe amendments I the are aimed at achieving maximum consensus and therefore, I hope, a qualified majority tomorrow in Parliament.
rapporteur. - Mr I President, have enjoyed this debate.
judgement This is important, not just for Europe' past, s but for also its present.
vote The will take place tomorrow, Thursday 12 July.
our Finally, fourth objective: we the wanted undertaken measures on behalf of the Balkans to based on be a serious, multiannual and binding estimate of needs.
Mr President, please allow me attention to draw to one more thought.
The Danish Presidency will the continue work basis on this and I would like to stress that everyone involved - on sides both - should do their utmost to find a solution quickly as as possible.
finish, I where I started, by saying that we are right to treat this with the utmost seriousness.
There are a still few formalities iron to out, but the conditions will be soon in for place this office to be set up.
But the icing the on is cake that even here will be there support for holding the responsible West for this situation and this poverty.
Madam President, I must say, I am startled at what Wojciechowski Mr just has said about Germany, and what a disturbance to the fabric of Europe Germany (DE) represents.
The next item is the report by Mrs Thyssen, on behalf the of on Committee the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on proposal the for a of directive the Parliament European of and the Council the on safety of toys - -. C6-0039/2008
This afternoon, for the time first I since took office, of each the speakers on today's list - I am not sure who did not appear for spoke - a shorter time than he or she could have done according the to speakers' list, except for Mr McCartin.
But the point surely is moral a one.
it However, is perhaps regrettable that the Commission and Secchi the report do not seem have to put forward any proposal regarding certain elements direct of taxation, corporate such as way the the for rate corporate taxation is calculated.
Bearing that - in mind and I am not the to first make - the point I am sure we would all recommend that elements certain of report the should be seen as effective compromise solutions, but compromises nonetheless.
is a that process gathering is pace in terms of modernisation because the Commission is currently forward bringing proposals, in a White Paper, on private introducing This damages.
Therefore I urgently request that such data be to provided assess help us the situation.
Therefore, there is much at stake here this in domain that and is important.
Now all of these things are in certainly doubt.
That leads insist me to that the obstacle chief to Turkey' s accession is not prejudice or discrimination.
Thus in the of case Greece have we moved from 370 000 hectares at a subsidy of EUR 594 per hectare, to 270 hectares 000 at 750; EUR but if we cultivate than more 000 270 hectares, opting for 000 370 hectares, which we perfectly are to entitled do, no one will come and tell us, as they used to, that is there an upper ceiling or a penalty.
Crucial and political decisions being are placed beyond the of reach elected politicians by the people.
With regard to proposal the that is being here, presented I that feel that the discussion today is clear.
Newsletter'. his initiative, liaison officers have been the appointed in offices of national ombudsmen, and information on the and implementation application of EU law is published in the 'Ombudsman On
However, Europe as a whole is subject to the rule of and law we also can put our confidence it in this in area.
road The is a hard that one; is true, but I am convinced firmly that continent our is better equipped today for its in future the world of the 21st century than it was or 15 years 20 ago.
More specifically with to regard the implementation of White the Paper considerable progress has made been preparing with the associated countries to integrate into the internal market.
Hu Jia said one day that he hoped to be last China's prisoner of conscience but the reality very is different.
in writing. - British Conservatives support measures to step up the fight undeclared against particularly work, some measures in mentioned the those report - encouraging States Member to reduce the burden of on taxation the workforce and promoting the benefits of legal employment for example.
We should not be any taking action against them.
In fact, with regard to television programmes too, it is important children for to be to able make informed choices and their for parents to be able help to in them this.
Member of the Commission. - Mr I President, already used some of the arguments in previous my answer, it but is clear that is this very a important area and I will to try highlight some other additional responding information in to this question.
I should like to ask, given that is it prohibited to Fascist teach or Nazi ideas about the annihilation of Jews, the if can we accept, on the contrary, that they taught be by Muslim fundamentalists in light the of the specific circumstances which have following arisen the attack 11 on September.
can help, and that way we can establish together a European real We democracy.
The directive, which spells the of end a lengthy debate between Parliament and the Council, provides, other among things, for the in period consumers which withdraw from can a sale to be doubled from seven to fourteen days, and for enhanced in protection the event of a lack of conformity.
Petitions Committee offers citizen often the a way of cutting through the bureaucracy of Europe to address issues affecting their The lives.
I like would to thank everyone who has been involved in work: this the Swedish for Presidency its negotiations, tough the Commission for all expertise its and colleagues my who have part taken the in committee and delegation work, as well as everyone else who has taken part in the delegation.
EU has again once proved unable to counterbalance the dictatorship the of markets and shareholders, for example by introducing a tax speculation on - such as the 'Tobin - tax' by strengthening employees' citizens' and rights of economic control or introducing by European-level banning The legislation redundancies.
Indeed, chatting while about energy, we are our selling future.
now The JPA must adopt a strategy and a working method to guarantee the best follow-up supervision and of the use of these funds.
The Commission's recommendations to the Council on the guidelines broad policy of economic are source a some of to concern us, since appear to they be determined by a strictly monetarist approach in which employment and growth are incidental considerations.
Parliament did not get absolutely everything on its Christmas list!
Unfortunately, we also have to note that little or no has made progress been on other issues, some of were which among our priorities.
The is Charter not, was and never intended to a be, Charter of rights the of European institutions above the Member States.
. themselves content constantly with trotting out the false old adages of the European structure: "without the single currency, the market single does work; not without the single market, we will have crisis a and war' and then the logical next argument: "without a single European state and integral unification legislation, of single the currency will not work' People
Just yesterday, the of President Brazil made a statement that threw the G8 into the wastebasket of history and supported G20. the
It however, is, becoming increasingly apparent that our future children's is indeed a digital future.
Iran considers itself to be invincible and unassailable the on economic, financial industrial, and energy fronts, we and therefore fear that any negotiation destined is to fail.
If small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) for are, the first time, to be put at the heart of European legislation, it is no cause for celebration.
While we await this innovation, constructive we must be glad any about initiative which solidarity strengthens the between the citizens of the Union, and more particularly about the initiative that Christian Cabrol is about to take.
Bulgaria. believe will Romania be ready to join the European Union 1 by January 2007 with I
Therefore, I can only mention a few points key to relating some of these.
view In of that, I would ask that we do indeed vote on amendment nine.
I congratulate Mr Frattini!
That is why we have maintaining defended simplified for procedures micro-enterprises and why we have introduced a measure exempting from craftspeople small-scale a compulsory CE label.
Liberalisation must be continued and the network improved.
I therefore endorse the line taken the in report by Mr Gil-Robles Gil-Delgrado and Mr Tsatsos regarding the need for the European Parliament play to an important role, and I that hope other countries will of follow the advice the Italian Presidency and rally round to support the taken commitment this in by House President Berlusconi.
I What can guarantee is the that British Presidency is earnest in endeavours our try to and reach that but agreement, critical days and critical discussions lie ahead.
I am sure you know that.
the time However, come has for the European Union to also take on an active role.
I have received six motions resolutions for tabled accordance with in Rule 103(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
Commissioner, please speak Commission with the on our behalf; we take will care of the Council, politically, if because, we to listened them, we would have to wait a month before this discussing issue.
It is disproportionate, restricts it our freedom and think I it is this very that freedom we have to promote in European the Union.
He would do better to stay away.
We now come to the debate.
May I say the that report was remarkable also for what it omitted.
So let us not be naive.
the On other hand, it has emphasised 'new priorities': in other words, the neoliberal objectives of the 'Lisbon Strategy' so-called (including the partnerships'), 'public-private change' 'climate the and militarisation of the EU.
Furthermore, is there added value European at level if the sides two of industry can also learn from each other how to new develop concepts and to implement pilot schemes.
There are of 126 them, and 93 have will had their contracts with cancelled us by the end of 2001.
But at the end of day the I hope Member that States will understand that if they on carry with such a strategy, sooner or later, when they have ask to for consent the of citizens for the European they project, be will first the victims fall to to the ground.
Holland. President, speaking on behalf the of Socialist Group on relocation the of jobs by the Xerox Corporation, should first I like to apologise on behalf of co-signatory, my Mr Metten, who, because of the delay this debate in has had return to to Madam
The paramilitary groups to have dismantled, be the crimes have to be investigated, and those responsible have to be held accountable.
solution A has also been found the to issue of the early retirement of employees of the European Parliament's political groups.
Mr President, though Europe's economy in recent has years been developing at relatively satisfactory rates for - in example, 1997 growth amounted to 2.7 - we % are not seeing a corresponding in fall unemployment.
(Parliament approved joint the text)
Eating fruit may help to prevent and/or cure these illnesses, thanks the to vitamins it contains.
The President knows we have to back tried position, his not only of out respect for him personally out but of real conviction that this is a new we path must take.
It has to be that said this amounts a to dramatic failure for those who promoted such a policy.
All these must thoroughly be and swiftly investigated if and, guilty found of mismanagement gross or sleaze, Commissioners must go.
And that is just to mention two headings.
This shows that the system under the directive - whereby the data authorities, protection the national data protection authorities, responsible are - works.
we When talk about health, public however, I must however say that we have still of a number with problems the results of the seventeen scientific investigations were which not able to distinguish the naturally produced BST hormones from the manufactured artificially ones.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (PT) President, Madam the NATO Summit took place in Lisbon, and so I would like to say a few words what happened about country in my in connection with this Summit.
However, on the specifics how, of as a member the of Quartet, we can continue to progress, I would to like on place record, on behalf of the Council, and our gratitude support for the continuing efforts of James Wolfensohn.
Documents received: see Minutes
Mr (DE) President, I would like to ask why the Member who is sitting in seat number 56 voted has for simultaneously 56 and 57.
In some cases, these were very costly (for measures example, the were costs estimated at EUR 1.3 billion in Great and Britain EUR million 990 in France, compared EUR to 87 million against seasonal influenza).
Furthermore, sector this impinges on cultural and natural heritage and on and traditions contemporary cultures in European the Union.
At the same time, we have had our rows because we also different play roles and sometimes we have to very be about what realistic we can achieve and we to have fight our each corners in institution.
Particular emphasis placed will be on setting up links close between the Foundation's work programme and its budget.
We must step therefore up measures aimed at and prevention cure.
Let me state, again, once the that proposed documents already exist a as result cooperation of with the Council and/or UNESCO.
2009. would to like underline that, without the support continued of the Parliament, European most of our policies that are place in today would not have been and adopted, the leading role of the Union European in the would world not provide the hope that international an agreement will be achieved Copenhagen in in I
In my opinion, English scientists, the who quickly found an early answer on transmissibility from to BSE Creutzfeldt-Jakob already disease, many know of these answers.
It have will a crucially important role to in play charting our course over the next 20 or 30 years.
(LT) first Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur Oomen-Ruijten Ria and other colleagues who prepared this report concerning improvement the of portability right of the to a supplementary pension.
I What would like the Commission to confirm, if possible, is the if work at Temelín follows the recommendations twelve of inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency and that will, it in fact, create standards safety to equivalent those in our Member States.
I disagree with the views of sports organisations certain that believe there would that more be disputes in court following some kind of consolidation or codification of principles relating to the activities of sport beyond the strictly context, sporting complying of course with the principles of self-regulation.
The in jobless Italy therefore always seem far more numerous precisely there because a is law that forces women to join the list of those seeking even work if this is work not what they want or desire.
It is, in my view, tolerable, in order to do justice both to these for principles, some stages to take rather longer, enabling thus the necessary consultations to carried be out.
The UK be would better off out.
That centuries-old document sums well the up principles which upon all my work is here guided: 'It is in not truth for glory, nor riches, nor honours we that are fighting, but for - freedom for that alone, which no honest man gives up but with life itself'.
Permanent abandonment premium for winegrowers
It is our moral duty to stand shoulder shoulder with to them.
the presence of Syrian 500 000 immigrants is a serious obstacle to the restoration of independence the to Today, country.
Will the Council make a statement on the progress trade of and cooperation negotiations with Mexico?
That simply will not solve the problem of climate destabilisation.
We must all work together to that ensure they do so.
I agree with the rapporteur that yet another new committee carries with it an large unnecessarily bureaucracy.
shall interrupt them at about 12.15 pm to us enable to debate Mrs Lindeperg's We report.
Or is there some underlying attempt not to proceed speedily as some influential political forces are favourable not to so such action and themselves are bordering on being racist and xenophobic?
therefore must the support political of groups Philippine members who of parliament are going to present a draft abolishing the death penalty in that country’s congress, so that that abolition can become reality a and the death penalty the in Philippines can to come an We end.
As a result, the outcome desired namely – to effect a major shift in what the consumer when he decides buys a – not car would be achieved, if since, there only is a difference of EUR 80 between a car with g/km 120 emission and a car with 200 g/km emissions, then the market remain will unaffected.
I must thank him for his frankness, because in a way the two concepts are contradictory.
(SV) Madam I President, am rapporteur for the report on arrangements transitional for bilateral after investment agreements the Treaty of Lisbon and, following consideration thorough Parliament's of vote and Council's the proposal, I would like to step down as rapporteur for this report, position as the of the both Parliament Council and so one-sidedly favours the of interests investors and does not take account of the need for transparency.
Instead of and creating world sustaining class centres of academic excellence, we are them destroying through lack funding of and misconceived class-driven doctrines.
The will vote take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
am I pleased to say that in Wales, which I represent, 40% our of national members assembly are women as the result of positive action by the political parties on but, other hand, the we have only women MPs 4 from Wales in the House of Commons which only is 10% of the total; so statements of principle, support of in principle, are not enough they because not have worked.
These have would access to the data personal of hooligans 'risk or supporters' identified by the different Member States.
It should also serve to bolster the Commission's courage new-found as regards the biotechnology and life sciences.
(A5-0107/2003) Report by Maurizio Turco, behalf on of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home on Affairs, initiative the by Kingdom the of Denmark with a view to a adopting Council Act amending the Council Act of 3 November 1998 adopting Rules on the confidentiality Europol of information - (13875/2002 - C5-0553/2002 2002/0823(CNS)); the on initiative Kingdom the by of Denmark with a view to a Council adopting Act amending Staff the Regulations applicable to Europol employees (13873/2002 - C5-0555/2002 - 2002/0822(CNS)); on initiative the of the Hellenic Republic with view a to the adoption a of Council Decision the adjusting basic salaries allowances and applicable to Europol staff (6314/2003 - C5-0066/2003 - 2003/0806(CNS))
It is not easy.
these are exceptional are preferences that compatible not with the positive or negative rule non-discrimination of the Trade World (WTO), Organisation it is necessary to obtain a WTO waiver before awarding these trade As preferences.
We aware are of this.
for. what I absolutely support cannot are elements the in report appear which to for call binding European on agreements Member States' pension That is at odds everything with the Belgian Socialist Party stands However, systems.
This Mr was Bangemann, however, also sent here on two occasions by Kohl's government.
Naturally, the registration of number the slaughterhouse them offers or little nothing in terms of the information they require.
Securing Subject: the external borders of an Enlarged Union Slovenia some has 370 border crossings with its Croatia. neighbour
Do forget, not those of you who that, say all, the after Union works without even these changes, that there are a number of new elements in Reform this Treaty that will help us and allow explicitly us to tackle more effectively change climate and the whole energy as challenge, well providing as for more openness through public Council meetings and the increased role national of parliaments.
The present directive does apply not to retrofitting road transport vehicles and with engines spare when parts they have exceeded of 75% their total lifetime mileage.
That is why I voted in of favour this resolution, which endorses a strategy High for the North.
On 19 November on the 1989, initiative Mr of Mitterrand, extraordinary an Council European met to pave the way for regular consultations between the two Germanies and their partners.
The German Bundesbank - which to German conservatives as is the Vatican is to Catholics - writes in its report monthly for 'However, March: financial contributions from the International Fund Monetary to resolve structural problems - such to finance directly as budget deficit a or to finance a bank - recapitalisation are incompatible with its monetary mandate'.
Firstly, will what be the exact relationship between ECB the and national the central banks with regard the to management of the free reserves, that is, the reserves fall that outside the billion 39.46 euros that will placed be at disposal the of the Bank, Central accordance in with the Statute?
the As for strengthening of overall economic coordination and a European budget drawn accordance up in with federal principles, which the calls report for, we must not count on these too much in the immediate future, as shown is by the somewhat unsatisfactory results obtained on this chapter in the Convention.
Mr President, I want to thank Mr for Macartney his report which is well done and represents views the and concerns of the Committee Fisheries. on
And this in respect, I would like to highlight three the of amendments which have been proposed you to by your committee.
We did so for a very in reason: simple the last few days have we seen Commissioner suspend Fischler negotiations live on television; Mr Prodi I - do not know he if is still Morocco - in has submitted new a proposal and restarted some negotiations; Ministers for Agriculture or including Fisheries, the Spanish Minister, have also made statements, and it makes sense that we should be able to debate this issue and that we should be at least as well informed - are we not asking a for - resolution as television newsreaders.
Otherwise, deadlock the that we fear we are in at the moment will continue.
the On subject of butterfat - there is also an issue here arising from the overproduction that occurs in this sector I can - confirm that fact the that payment of aid is concentrated on only a few Member States to is reviewed the be at forthcoming assessment of the milk sector.
You have also heard what Mr Swoboda had to say.
This slowly means, therefore, that the pressure to utilise the open coordination method is being reduced.
Moreover, hope I this that has not created too much in the way difficulties of for the Commission in the negotiations.
Both scenarios would a be little bit odd unless were they to subject an agreement among the three institutions.
contrasts. motion for resolution a before you was adopted in committee by 55 votes to 2 with 1 It proves to be account an with many The abstention.
It is now two years since new ten Member States joined EU. the
Commissioner, you a now have golden opportunity to prove that.
It wants the approbations included in the preliminary draft the of budget reinstated.
. Mr President, the at end of June I became of aware the fact 35 that thousand are refugees deep in trouble in Germany.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
But what does that mean?
President, I to want congratulate Mrs Fourtou on this important Mr report.
I it think should be borne mind in a that good evaluation requires explicit criteria, evaluation and I also think that in the future the objectives should more be stated clearly than been has done hitherto.
example, For Mr Barnier, who have you referred to, is scheduled for this afternoon, not but a for little while.
The will vote take place at noon today.
Do you not think this is violence?
In the few next years, our power and our responsibilities will increase significantly.
The have made discussions it clear that there are no quick and easy fixes to the delicate balance of environmental, developmental the needs and trade of a world undergoing rapid change.
Despite past our failure to ensure that people were not killed, the onus is now on us to ensure that in no message future of support goes out to the Indonesian authorities as it stands.
2007. – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although last year, Romania and once again Bulgaria took the necessary and important steps, there is a great left deal to done be by both countries in the short that time remains, namely until 1    January
people may be well wondering why the agricultural policy should now start a subsidising branch agriculture of which has not received any grants to date, for floriculture has hardly any from benefited European Many grants.
I have to risen on speak the basis of Rule 160, as the Group of the Greens/European Free has Alliance requested that the vote on a of number amendments be taken by roll call.
Mr President, I just wanted to say that was I very sorry that have we decided again not to receive travel expenses.
to is why I look forward to what the Presidency and the Commission are shortly present to Parliament. That
2004. is however, regrettable that the impression has given been that this is draft to intended set the interest of the 15 ‘old’ Member States against of those the ten ‘new’ ones that joined us in May It
Documents received: see Minutes
We must find a way to ensure that we not that only capture wealth and those funds we but guarantee that they return dividends into our own economies by greater creating economic growth and creating by more jobs.
Parliament Firstly, has the chance approve to tomorrow in the House our at recommendation second reading concerning the ERDF.
As you know, cigarettes are not a tax-free commodity.
This is why, on this matter, we agree the with s Commission' current proposal.
The credibility and validity of the European model civilisation of also are at stake.
Let us try, therefore, to make the general public of aware what the European Union achieved has and the it advantages presents. This would help them their in choice, and create support a for European construction is which in accordance with their wishes.
The European Union be must ready to face dangers posed the by said natural phenomena.
Finally, there a series is of which ideas we believe to be which useful, been have applied already in Member some States and which are no doubt to going be have a positive in effect terms of ensuring that this introduction of notes and coins for 300 million Europeans takes place more easily.
Binding rules across EU the are essential.
It is not about shivering around a candle in a cave: is it about a future can that be positive more and attractive than today's.
States. can only seize material the at the last station in the of territory the Member We
Such children will not enter the job market, as they can only those things do which are unsuitable for the job market.
It is my experience that vehicles these very are maintained well as a matter of course.
We must to wait see the what estimates are and after next week we will in be a position to talk about what exactly it is that agriculture needs.
Mr President, Mr I Reul, wanted to ask you whether your position personal changed has at all.
Quite simply, I tried explain to that the Commission had already undertaken to documents prepare I that believe have the dual merit of very being objective of and presenting the situation as is it now and it as will be once the draft Constitution has been ratified.
With to apologies Mr Shakespeare, methinks the doth report protest too much.
You ignored referendums, you referendums, denied and you bullied the poor Irish into voting a second time.
There is more flexibility young for workers in Europe than the in United States.
At the same time, we must increase energy efficiency, responsible energy consumption and investment in energy renewal sources.
On the whole and considering the we climate, count should ourselves that lucky we managed to the persuade world not to go in for any backtracking, the despite strong opposition from United the and States some other countries.
As far as environment the is concerned, we within decided the World Trade Organization the that ministerial conference in Singapore, which is to be held in December, have to will deal with the both environment and international with social standards.
I therefore vigorously protest against both attack the on public and services the threat to workers in this must field.
two information shows the fact that the European Union's efforts concentrate on This areas.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies gentlemen, and we today dealing, are by urgent procedure, with the Commission proposal to postpone time the limit for applications presenting permanent abandonment for premiums one by month, from 31 December 1996 to 31 January 1997 - January, note despite the fact that date today's is 14 March. i.e.
For one thing, we are in full agreement about implementing year's this budget process the under as old rules, trying to change this in the of middle the reading of the budget would result in chaos.
The committee to the following conclusion, and I quote: the ' At present time, committee the has no option but recommend to that bovine material for use in manufacturing products these should originate only in areas in which BSE is not came epidemic.'
Mr President, I would like to begin by congratulating rapporteur, our Mr Schmitt, on his report which now a brings sensible to compromise the original Commission proposal.
As we know, many new plant varieties patented biotech by companies are based on traditional wisdom handed down through the generations, and now farmers are being asked to these for pay patents.
Despite . the technical aspect the that rapporteur attempted into to this introduce report, the issue has major a political part to play in the unrestrictedly and ‘open competition-based that market’ is being sought.
A clear message was also sent out at the weekend to those who believe that can enlargement be without continued carrying out reforms the that are essential as of the part constitutional process.
People have begun feel to the benefits of essential structural reforms.
There is point one that rapporteur the addressed and continues which to be seen as a major problem by of many members the public, by which I the mean high costs involved in funds transferring across borders.
I hope too that offer she support will for Community the initiatives and the innovative projects which, as the report points out, 70 represent % of the total underspends.
The under-utilization of funds is admittedly a genuine but problem, than rather jumping the to that conclusion the financial volume is too great for requirements it be would better to wonder about the specks of that are grit jamming the mechanism.
Do you intend to take any initiatives here?
However, do I recognise the good intention of the report, i.e. the proposed change would in many cases an in mean increase effectiveness.
When the Commission made its forecast, it autumn pointed out that it growth expected in employment to reach 1.2 % in 1998, a rapid more rate of growth than the 0.8 % rate recorded in spring.
It is as as simple that.
It been has suggested that freedom of expression was violated.
States. opinion, we my need objective criteria that take due account of the peculiarities of the agricultural sector in the individual EU In Member
There are still a few countries which in they need to have their heard, voices which will the cause necessary problems, as there are still questions this on score.
on Shame us Europeans! were We able to supply Berlin when the people were there under siege!
Asia. talks Commission about being this driven by demand from outside the EU and clearly it taken has consideration into the recent developments in The
It is considered that such missions be would waste a of valuable resources at this moment as 100% testing is in for place poultrymeat from and Brazil Thailand and for shrimps from Thailand.
This is why this crucial need for convergence absolutely requires a robust cohesion budget, cannot which be weakened to fund other policies.
It is sorry a state of affairs that no one benefits from this, people the least of all.
Europe' s role: we need first to emphasise that Europe rejects war as an instrument for conflict: resolving international only can then we talk of the 'military' role of the Union.
hope that the President of the will Council give point that a moment's I thought.
(DE) President, Mr in times of change climate and warming, global this much is obvious: we must reduce gas emissions greenhouse and we must save energy.
The sitting closed was at 4.40 p.m.
Thirdly - and many have speakers mentioned this today we - undoubtedly have to reinforce the voice of the euro defending in stability the of our currency and in and bilateral multilateral relations with holders of our currency, with those representing other currencies and, particular, in with the other currencies the major of in players the global economy.
Why is the Commission proposing reform the of the CFP, as which, everyone is knows, planned for 2002, a without budget of its own?
I . in voted favour of this conciliation outcome.
Precisely in respect this we need to changes, make so we that can ultimately have real a discussion on the of future the European Union.
The Committee Culture on appears to have interpreted the maintenance of degressivity on part the of the Committee on Budgets as a kind of punishment of associations these when in reality it promotes – together with as co-financing, I said earlier – their establishment in the future, nowhere since is it that written these be grants awarded should
The Council cannot have any objections we if call for general conditions of employment including recruitment, dismissal, remuneration and social to security be subject the of a contract.
Mr I President, read about this case last year and did thing the only that I could do. I raised it my in group.
The Montenegrin Government has also won plaudits from the UN over the spectrum broad of it problems has managed to address.
At most, we stretch might our generosity to give products which contain different very qualities vegetable of fats, the name 'cocoa-based fantasy.'
And indeed, as Ms Bowles has said, we do have towards policies those.
we upon decided begins with the definition of a process, as I earlier, and explained goes on to define a What procedure.
We will continue the assistance that is already ongoing, notably in the fields of human rights, education and poverty eradication.
I believe it is and ironic tragic that the two countries who talk most about encouraging democracy in the Middle East – the United Kingdom and the States United – should the be very countries who left their posts in Jericho yesterday.
They not do access have to any legal or medical help.
At a when time European the economy is stagnating, when unemployment no longer is falling, we to need enhance status the of the various occupations in this sector, in particular for young Europeans, stimulate to the desire to work this in field.
Only then, with these sound principles, will it be possible to tackle different kinds of difficulties, for example the problems restructuring of in many areas, including in wealthier countries, the restructuring difficulties in agriculture, female poverty the and depopulation urban of areas.
The Court European of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control have uncovered enough things now to insist clean-up on measures.
One of those mentioned and - which I support - is the challenge of proposing energy sources that offer an to alternative nuclear energy.
– Mr President, Mr Solana, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, face we a very tragic situation in the East. Middle
Very well, I am obviously in agreement, but why not think of the euro as a currency saves that us from not only inflation by but, means of a little virtuous guaranteed debt, and also secures us greater liquidity to launch a major investment European programme by issuing Eurobonds?
As the in situation the region is still very serious, I would like, this in first of mine speech in the European Parliament, to on focus expressing the views of European the on Union the prevailing crisis.
Apart from this provision, falls it each to Member State decide to the of composition its representation and, therefore, it falls to the Presidency to establish, in capacity its such, as how it will represented be in appearances its and parliamentary acts.
The Danish Social Democrat delegation is therefore unanimous in not voting for the restoration a of Commission which is almost identical to one the we just have dismissed.
The greed of bankers, individual traders and short-sellers is certainly blame, to but is so too the failure of governments ensure to transparency and honesty in their dealings.
It would put us out the in cold, and that is something we have to defend ourselves against.
Member of the Commission. - There is no excuse for crime, wherever crime that has taken place be - it in the or real world in the digital world - but course, of it is much easier to fight crime in the real world because you the instruments have which directly allow you to intervene.
I was in favour of the introduction of private-sector television the from outset, very as I still am, whilst being convinced, in final the analysis, that must we work on that the assumption public-service a broadcasting remit is necessary.
This House does in fact have a degree of latitude with regard to non-compulsory expenditure, it has although none with regard to compulsory expenditure, which of agricultural course includes expenditure.
in writing. - (DE) I voted in favour of report the by Mrs Lefrançois, since a central tenet of the against fight has to terrorism be the prevention of terrorist offences.
We have seen a process new of making paper from using straw, again much more environmentally friendly chemicals.
Some the of states EU border on countries with crime that levels are inconceivable to us in here the West.
Therefore our task chief is in to invest people, in people’s education; that is our future.
(Sustained applause)
things These are self-contained objectives to which the European Union attaches great importance, the reduction especially of unemployment, which we have to elevated the status of number the problem one - though in I words only -, and fear they are by no means unconnected with the success of the single currency.
Many trying are to explore innovative solutions solving for the hard questions, like and refugees Jerusalem first.
the Mr President, draft regulation we are now discussing provides for the implementation the of .eu top-level domain, which should raise the profile the of Union European in cyberspace and allow the ring of created confidence by the market single through to shine to the Internet.
Union. If want a real single market for financial services, consumers and providers must guaranteed the be same rights everywhere in the we
The rapporteur’s report is very a thorough piece of work, makes and for fairly gloomy reading.
Anyone who now puts a spoke in the wheel and the stops wedding from going ahead or stops the from couple living together will bear an enormously heavy burden of responsibility.
We have, taken then, steps to progress make and to obtain uniform statistics.
when Mr President, the was Convention set it up, was a unique historic decision, based on the idea that – based in broadly dialogue with the people – elected representatives, and governments EU institutions should, in an open and thoughtful way, prepare the EU for enlargement and the future.
Even though limited human rights are only assured in wealthy because countries they are refused to the poor people of the it planet, is precisely the wealthy countries, so proud of their human rights at home, maintain that in the poor number countries a terrible based of regimes, on oppression and, in particular, on endless misery.
I welcome the fact that Parliament endeavoured, has as far as possible, make to the legislative initiative procedure for EU citizens simple as easy and to as use possible because they are the ones who will actually use it.
For the moment, until and December, 3 when World the Anti-Doping Agency meets, the ball is in the s Agency' court.
It appears that Member are States to beginning take their obligations but seriously it is still a case too of little too late.
Consequently, in we, Parliament, are debating Commission' the s original proposal a for 65% loan guarantee.
We believe it is essential that also we highlight case the of rural areas and areas dependent on fishing.
(Parliament to agreed the request)
I to you say that you must put your own in house order before you think of extending it.
The report clarifies scope its and it adapts to the needs real of the common policy fisheries under the new Treaty of Lisbon, I so think it is positive.
Mr Vice-President Frattini's words have a cast little doubt, but nonetheless I hope that Agency the will be in protecting consistent human rights.
Mr energy President, security is an area which the EU should involved get in, and where it should act the with degree greatest possible of unity and coordination, which is not the case with many other European initiatives, and therefore as we, the European Conservatives and Reformists, support the creation of a common market, energy as this will the strengthen of position Member vis-à-vis States the main suppliers, also while the limiting scope some for suppliers of strategic raw materials to abuse their dominant position in order play to foreign policy games.
the On other hand, in we Committee the on Civil Liberties, and Justice Home in Affairs particular appreciate that the sectoral approach is the approach we have work with, to so will there be directives on seasonal workers and transferees, intra-corporate but you cannot our blame group, which has equal treatment on the country-of-origin principle the at heart of its activities in trying to resolve these matters.
At the request of the European Parliament, the Ombudsman gave definition a of the term in the "maladministration" annual report 1997. for
Minority are rights a critical condition.
People in the Member States have know to decisions the that have been taken on behalf their which may not, in the long-term, be in their interests.
doubt. is obviously question which a really has to be seen in a context, NATO but, as the European Union shares s view NATO' of these issues, it is not difficult for to us ourselves associate with I would like to make this clear on behalf of the so Council, that there can be no This this.
At another point in today's debate said I we that were expecting it the in middle of April and that it should be published in the Official Journal the of Union European by the second half of May.
the study that noted the Commission has a relatively well system developed for notification of conflicts interests, of it that suggests consideration be given to enlarging the mandate of our ad Ethical hoc Committee to include a broader advisory While role.
In this the context, Council’s common position and Parliament’s recommendation for this second are moving reading an in essentially constructive direction.
Croatia is the in home straight.
Redondo Jiménez report (A4-0163/98)
political Recent events in show Georgia that the freedom of of expression political views through the media is essential stability for and, for instance, despite progress Armenia, in further efforts are needed to fight and corruption fully comply with human rights standards.
fully accept what he said and I if caused him embarrassment I would like to I apologise.
(CS) Mr in President, light of the fact the that words 'too little too late' have already uttered been many times when assessing the social package, I shall my give assessment: the mountain has given to birth a mouse.
Mr Moreno Sánchez has underlined need to the make progress all on the issues in this wide-ranging agenda, with a clear emphasis – which strongly I support – on the objectives of poverty reduction and sustainable development.
The idea of rule the law of will also have to be developed further.
Madam you asked President, us if would we accept a list of names of who people could give an explanation of vote in writing.
Amendments Nos 1, 2, 3 and 4 are an appropriate supplement to the proposed requirements, and can be with accepted changes some of wording.
I it find hard to that believe no crop other would thrive where tobacco is grown.
question The of the location of the institutions has had a very high priority and concerns a level high of decision-making, relating not only to location of the our in institutions Brussels and Strasbourg, also but Luxembourg. to
French. a letter arrived, in Finally
Finally, following a request from the Commission, the Committee Scientific Toxicity, on Ecotoxicity and the Environment evaluated study a concerning quality the of drinking in water selected European cities.
The next item is the vote.
We be will accompanied by those who actually have political authority over namely us, the EU's of Council Ministers and the Parliament, European as well as by representatives of parties other involved.
Ultimately, a strict application the of amended text would result in excessive involving bureaucracy, classification the of documents, registers, appeals procedures and the need for Union the to recruit new officials.
Now they are ready, and we congratulate authorities the Bosnia and of Albania for their achievements in the pursing reforms.
in writing. - (DE) the important Besides discussion of trade unfair policies, the report on the state of relations between the and EU Africa also deals with the prevention and resolution of conflicts.
The full magnitude of the is problem not therefore expressed.
The Commission guardian is of the the Treaty and I will abide by its nothing provisions, more and nothing less.
I refer in to particular the Venice Commission recommendations whose should be the observed when preparations are made for the possible referendum on independence.
Commissioner, your on report Ukraine today was very (SL) clear.
Political support for the implementation a of climate is policy needed, but it will not from come reeling out a lot red more tape.
It is also hard to predict that constant high efficiency in the workplace will achieved, be on basis the of one or two years which in efficiency has increased.
Nevertheless, I give want my to full support to action the being taken by the Commission and the Commissioner at this stage, because are they actually trying to an remedy unacceptable situation.
My first is point that the Lisbon Council in called 2000 for the to Commission draft report a the on specific future objectives of education and training systems.
Mr President, 10 of years euro the is indeed a reason to celebrate.
I wish to stress on of behalf our group that this has our emphatic and support, it would be good if the group other chairmen were join to me in that stating quite clearly.
the On we constitution, ask you up to draw a timetable, so that we ultimately arrive at an which outcome all countries of the European Union can support, because we and – here I speaking am the for PPE section of our Group – are firmly convinced that we need the constitution.
To tackle problem this solely from accounting point an of view, is which what certain Member such States, as Germany and the Netherlands, tend to do at shows present, a narrowness of approach which is to dangerous the future of the because Union, are these essential issues for the future and the equilibrium of societies in the applicant countries.
I know also in that this you Parliament are taking a very look close at all the aspects of Agenda 2000, to help ensure that it can be concluded in good and time, let me stress how important cooperation between the and Parliament Council is in this particular if process Agenda is 2000 to during be achieved the current parliamentary term.
Thank you for you attention.
Experiments on have shown animals the toxic and carcinogenic nature of some phthalates, which can cause liver, kidney and ailments in testicular children that or chew suck on dummies, rattles or teething rings.
Mr President, the situation of many widows and widowers in Europe with young children in their calls care for progression a necessary in legislation in our order to help them.
of the President-in-Office Council. - Madam (FR) President, Mr Leichtfried, perhaps I can present views my in a rather less polarised manner.
Commission The holds that a double response joint is necessary, that is WTO the complaint and the temporary defence mechanism.
Mr Rehn has also made it clear here that this was achieved after and lengthy difficult and negotiations we believe that, in the light of the the circumstances, outcome is balanced a one.
peace for the in Middle East are higher now than they have been for many Hopes years.
I believe that cooperation between institutions both has off paid and today we are very close to reaching definitive a a agreement on text that, from the outset, involved sensitive issues, such as the prohibition of setting sail in bad weather, aforementioned the ports of refuge, for example, obligation or the to carry transponders or black boxes.
Thank you, Commissioner Byrne.
That would mean that, in some the countries, price would, in fact, increase rather decrease, than that and would be unacceptable!
Commissioner Lamy, in our meeting this morning, I asked you what status of your the Seattle mandate was.
The mandate given to the MONUC personnel on ground the no will doubt be but extended, it absolutely be must re-evaluated and strengthened, too, so that rising this of tide violence can be stemmed.
In that spirit, welcome I the European Commission's to employ intention all means at its disposal to achieve progress.
The EU decided set to up its global own navigation satellite system for key two reasons: firstly, Europe's independence from global other navigation systems autonomy, and and secondly, gain to a share in this growing worldwide fast high-tech market, which today, to a is large extent, dominated by the US.
We need public investment, first and in foremost education.
would again once point out that the Commission already has opportunities put to greater emphasis prevention, on for example as part of the ERDF programme, what but are they in doing that I connection?
A cannot currency create wealth.
behalf on of the ALDE Group. Mr - President, debate this clearly follows from on our resolution last October on Arctic governance.
Furthermore, the Member are States given considerable leeway not enforce to existing the legislation and not monitor to its correct enforcement.
In the particular, remaining positions officials for from the ten new Member States, most of which are for translators interpreters, and need to be filled.
In this I spirit, believe we that must welcome broad the consultation of citizens and interested parties which green make papers possible.
(ES) President, Mr I shall be very brief.
Mr President, given your esteemed background a as Spanish Socialist, is it possible that you might have a conflict of interest in continuing the in just Chair, on this point?
I believe that it is appropriate to widen the scope application of the of regulation on the cross-border transportation euro of by cash road between euro area Member States, apply and to its provisions the on territory of Member States that are to preparing introduce the euro.
It is an competitive essential advantage faced imports with from Asia.
in writing. - In AFET/SEDE, as green MEP as were rapporteur, we very successful.
Since Amsterdam, it has been decided to adhere to this on a principle fairly lasting strict and basis.
unemployment Although is the main for reason many poverty, Europeans, even those in are work, struggling with poverty on a daily basis and do not have the opportunity to lead life to the full.
because Precisely of that, the must Commission take a leading role managing in these fish species.
Good social policy will prevent not exclusion the if of issues equality of education and its quality high are ignored.
In the future, there may 25 or be even more.
What want, Europeans for there be to a Palestinian stable state, serves the interests of Israeli security.
The on Law Religion was submitted to Commission, the which had trenchant some criticisms to make of it.
I applaud the fact that we are going to develop a European Security and Defence Policy without transatlantic weakening relations and the link with NATO.
What is required is a strong political will.
I mention this for your information.
The second way in which we want social to criteria into be taken account is by enabling contracting authorities to pursue certain social employment and objectives, such as equal opportunities and social in inclusion connection with procurement.
(PL) Mr President, the telecommunications package was a regulation which prompted our citizens be to unusually active.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and China gentlemen, is on agenda the once again.
I would also like ask to you to ensure that, you make when your evaluation, you do not forget the aspects social - need they to be taken into account.
Clearly, on a such continent as Africa, there is room trilateral for cooperation, and this one is example.
After the vote:
do I Mr hope, that President, following this debate the Commission will the tackle situation enthusiasm with and imagination and consider will a response suitable at level. Community What is needed is not just a but declaration, a package of budgetary investment, measures, more credit from the European Investment Bank, Community and guarantees trading agreements.
A frightening indication has just been given by the report of the Committee Inquiry of of the National French Assembly on mad cow with disease, regard customs to control: none of the authority in persons - interviewed minister, central administration directors, presidents of professional syndicates - has been able to provide reliable on figures imports into France, during years, recent of animal of meal British origin.
So union monetary will have the of effect a transforming fraction of the exchange reserves of the national central into banks internal assets.
This does fall not within the jurisdiction of the Council, however, as the will Honourable Member certainly know.
The problem is not that only 25% are rather inspected, but how we select, how we find, ships the which constitute the risk, highest the through age of the ships the and risk history of the flags.
Not to climate mention an change, area, for example, which in nothing is being done the about problem of water and shortage the of melting the glaciers, which is already occurring and is going to have an absolute the effect on situation of the soil.
Now to the Schengen item, I if may.
I agree with my Mr colleague Vecchi that the question here or is whether not we are in a position to control this process of globalisation.
from being at the centre a of development agenda to help poorer nations out of poverty, the tariff US barriers reveal how that country uses trade rules gain to access to people's other while markets, protecting its own industrial interests at Far home.
A country must free be to introduce higher environmental to charges demonstrate that is it possible to and show the positive this effects step can have.
want I emphasise to once again that relations Latin with America are a geostrategic priority for the European Union.
Should be it used as a last resort, if diplomacy fails?
At Conference the of Chairs, we Committee have several times expressed the desire to structure timeline the a bit more carefully so as to be able to proceed more thoroughly.
The trans-European networks are a potent symbol of that single market, transport creating links that spread evenly the breadth length and of the EU providing and calculable business benefits for and people alike.
So there are very real and practical implications and is this of just one them.
Mrs Malone, what happened last week on and information consultation was an enormous step forward.
I hope the that Council and the Ministers of take Finance Parliament's concerns seriously and that the Commission will conduct open an discussion on the process in future.
operating response to Arnaoutakis, Mr I note that subsidising fuel and energy costs constitutes In aid.
‘no’. However, order to send message a to the ACP countries that some us of have here not forgotten them, I request that my be name deleted from text, the and I have a proposal my for fellow members of the Committee on Development, and for them make alone: a final, symbolic gesture by voting in
For my part, I like this should appeal, which was the of appeal the European heard Council, to be and for there to be a period longer of reflection, explanation, debate and, necessary, if disagreement throughout Europe – in the Member States who have still ratify, to in those which have already ratified and in the two which rejected Constitutional the Treaty.
Sometimes airlines all the charge same amount for the same airport and sometimes they do not.
We will now proceed the to vote.(1)
It therefore is essential that negotiations be both flexible and result-oriented.
Mr President, first of I all, to would like thank you all for a very interesting debate.
In addition, the choice of 2009 as the Year of Creativity and Innovation is in terms of policy clearly an extension the of Year European Intercultural of Dialogue.
It is unfair for competition our who farmers, have made enormous efforts to improve production, and our abattoirs, which must abide by strict rules.
2014. immediately I inform the rotating Presidency of the Council and the President of the European of Council the of result our votes and the appointment of the Commission European until 31 October will
Mr Cavada, you are asking for a change to agenda the January for and we are now the setting for agenda the December next part-session.
Air agreements currently to belong this category.
Is ambition the contained in the words of 2020 the Strategy with compatible the budgets cuts that been have announced?
The discharge procedure is an for opportunity Parliament to the test Commission's ability to the administer EU's tax money.
Thank you very Commissioner much, Solbes Mira.
Any other activities on various boards always will provoke questions and doubts.
We must pay tribute the to struggle courageous of the Algerian women defying who, the terrorists' threats have clearly their shown revolt and their desire to impose both an end to the attacks the and recognition of their rights.
The recognizes that this is a real of public issue interest, namely the safety of all of those who use ski Commission slopes.
I congratulate would once again the rapporteur and all the of members of the Committee on Petitions the on excellent work have they done.
I can only this conclude debate by appealing Commission the to to ensure, now, those that States Member which apply for derogation a for professional use have that derogation revoked if these new, stricter rules are regularly broken.
agreement This should provide therefore for the implementation of standards in the territories the of involved, countries so as to allow the Commission take to ultimate responsibility for the implementing budget of the fund in these states.
Commission's proposal provides, therefore, the opportunity for private companies be to accredited as a tissue just bank, public like The organisations.
What proposals, for example, the will Commission come forward with by June year this on social inclusion, it as was challenged to do the in Lisbon conclusions?
Once again, we see can that these free trade are treaties trying to push through the window what they unable were to push through the door.
The Commission shares the view of the European that Parliament better coordination and more complementarity between Community measures projects, and national with the help the of Group of Experts Education, on more and cooperation intensive with and UNESCO the Association the for Development Education of in Africa are of paramount in importance improving the effectiveness of Community aid.
This something is that cannot I accept and I therefore voted against it.
Member are States invited include to appropriate actions in their programmes for forthcoming the where period, prevention will be one of the priorities.
MAI The agreement differs from its counterpart WTO on account not of only the identity and number of countries but involved, also of the type negotiation of involved.
It is therefore essential to ask the DRC Government to regain and security stability the in and country thence to launch the peace process.
I Firstly, want to point to need the to take action to tackle the situation that often arises the when of owner a small medium-sized or enterprise retires.
participation of social partners in creation the of local rules is important, and so is the improvement of monitoring mechanisms on a both and Community Member Consistent State level.
It not possible is to combat mutilation, genital honour crimes and all the harassment by suffered women from other cultures without an instrument this of nature.
I would Commissioner, like, to draw particular attention to the situation of immigrant women.
(BG) Ladies and gentlemen, the Attack Group is voting against Turkey the progress report because do not we see any progress.
(RO) Transplants and organ save donation and prolong the lives thousands of European of citizens every year.
We now have far greater possibilities than five, ten or twenty years ago.
It is not the reality and does not tally with the figures contained in documents the that I you would to invite examine.
The of people also Haiti need real medical support, initially to contain the cholera epidemic as quickly as possible, then and to eradicate it.
I believe that trade cooperation and be must geared towards sustainable development at level, regional benefiting the people, rather a than series of projects transnational benefiting capital, such as the Puebla-Panama Plan or the European Investment Bank.
a political From perspective, there is no real point in presenting a weak or sugared to position the Commission.
was totally amazed last week when I that learned only three the of 25 Member are, States in fact, going implement to the Directive as originally I intended.
However, this does not change the situation that exists now in relation to Hong Kong.
The prevalence of arbitrary arrests, torture, discrimination minorities against and lack of evident rule the of law are all deeply disturbing.
Of course, she entirely is correct in saying that the Union' s is credibility on the line with what happens, not just Kosovo in the but in Balkans as a whole.
know that whether or Qimonda not continues to operate depends, all, above on forces market and the will of the I shareholders.
Opening of the sitting
When they give their say as to whether they are going take up to this complaint or not, that is the when Presidency Swedish give will its next reaction to this process.
I have not been particularly we strict, because actually a have little more time than is stated in the rules.
Admittedly, you could transport all animals in air-conditioned with buses couchettes; it is technically feasible.
These must catalogues a include biography of soils, typologies, structures and other variables as well as the uses, possible risks historic, and landscape or cultural highlighting values, the risks of any nature.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office, Patten, Commissioner ladies and gentlemen, fellow my members have already picked up on the main points.
We should establish a working party here that reverts to what is essential - correct and precise in accounting - order to reduce the bureaucratic burden 25%, by and not raise it by 50%, as has in happened recent months.
The Vice-President for responsible industry, Mr Verheugen, hits the nail on the head in the French press, when he says that, with the Lisbon there strategy, were so many that priorities were there and none, that time this we want action an plan which specific is and which concentrates on competitiveness.
Given that certain questions of in this competence field have been raised at EU level, the can Commission give assurances that States Member proceed may to ratify the Hague Convention of 19 October 1996 Applicable on Jurisdiction, Law, Recognition, Enforcement and Cooperation in respect of 'parental responsibility and measures for the protection children' of without delay?
Who will be to able do this?
Thus, these are not objectives which will bring an return immediate on and investments, they therefore cannot be governed by purely commercial reasoning, including where their compatibility and financing are concerned.
It has been demonstrated in time that the European work: institutions specifically, in case the of the Ecofin yesterday, meeting and with the also coordinated in drop interest rates today.
We therefore hope that the proposals we tabled are approved so as to content improve the of the report.
It is that good we are dealing with this because it subject, has been raised many times in our and at regions local authority level.
to the information latest available, the for scheme adulterating butter set up a by number of Camorra families in Naples produced 130 000 tonnes totally of partially or artificial According butter.
It is my belief that the British protocol will be found to be juridically flawed, as well as a serious political mistake.
Bjerregaard Mrs says it will difficult be develop to these, but we shall see what the Commission's programme for has to 1999 say on the subject.
have already I touched on the of regulating issue working hours, and I will not into go the incredible tactics adopted cost-cutting even - on the roads - by means of artificial self-employed status in road the industry, haulage nor into the "Willi Betz syndrome" and associated which regulations, have also been mentioned several nor times, into issues relating to tariff classification, also including, course, of the issue external of costs.
There has also been steady progress in agreeing the legislative that changes are needed.
know that the EU arms embargo vis-à-vis China the attracts special attention of this Parliament and of national I many parliaments.
The British Conservatives therefore cannot support the in measures Report. this
I would to like remind all you of President great Sarkozy's speech yesterday, in which he pointed out how much needed to change in the Union European in view of the economic crisis the and climate change disaster.
you, Thank Mr President. would I also thank the of President-in-Office the Council for this response, but will you appreciate, Mr President-in-Office, that this cannot, of give us course, MEPs any satisfaction.
The of speeches number made this morning clearly proves that much attention has been devoted the to issues and concerned sends clear a signal as to the importance of European research to the future of Europe and to lives our and economies.
What, above we all, concerned are with here soft are drinks, sweets and the like which children consume in larger than quantities is desirable.
The positive side of all this was the strengthening of belief our collective in the force of community across the globe, with the of outpouring aid and goodwill from and governments individuals alike.
should I like to hear whether discussions are conducted being in the about the Council possibility of introducing alcohol screening devices into vehicles.
I believe it important is to try to do something bureaucracy about these in countries, to promote legal certainty and to provide Therefore support.
Our inquiries have focused on the problem of determining whether the printer manufacturers are infringing Community rules competition because of shapes the and prices their of cartridges.
I support the result of the procedure conciliation because while maintaining a high of level protection it has to managed sight not lose of the second main goal: the free of transfer data must be guaranteed.
We have to say that very clearly our to partner countries.
I also think that it is of paramount importance to offer people access with disabilities to Europeana's digital content.
A reading careful of the communication and evaluation an of the real problems that, in the last analysis, gave rise to such partnerships suggest that the key issues are those I mentioned earlier.
Then we can recommend to the European Parliament Council to undertake negotiations with country the provided that concerned, it meets the on criteria the basis our of analyses own too.
It is regrettable there that are Member States whose political leaders consider themselves to be strong supporters of the European idea but at same the time will not give inch an when their national interests are at stake.
in Situation East Timor (continued)
Roma. wish that this Second Roma European Summit brings about a real EU for strategy I
Mr President, the Greek Government assumed presidency of the at Union a time of great uncertainty international and political instability.
in - (EL) The proposal a for a regulation on European Research Infrastructure aims to promote application the of the so-called fifth freedom, the freedom of within movement the of Union of researchers knowledge and science, and focuses on the criteria of competition, performance and the adaptation of scientific research to the choices objectives and of capital, expressed as in the EU anti-grassroots, anti-labour Lisbon Strategy. writing.
One almost might be for forgiven thinking that our opinion counts for nothing any more!
It strikes me that there a is failure to sound any critical the about note sometimes disastrous consequences of China's involvement in Africa.
– Mr President, the proposal the by Commission European Commissioner and Louis Michel a new on strategic between partnership the European Union and Africa really does break away from the development policy of the European Union applied in the past.
Protocol No 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which unconditionally prohibits the death in penalty peacetime, has ratified been all by 27 Member States.
   Mr President, in my constituency Ireland in there is a battle being . fought.
A element key in this policy has been to promote transparency in systems tax and the exchange of information between tax administrations.
When a student is looking a towards in career research, physical must mobility be promoted as an educational experience cannot which be by replaced virtual mobility.
14.
Like the rapporteur, I am happy quite to protect Member poor States from role a net as payers, but to simply exempt newcomers from in payments order to entice them, is taking things far too in my view.
I would a appreciate reply to this.
recent In weeks, the European Parliament and the entire international community have mobilised in themselves defence of Sakineh, but also defence in of all the men and who women live under same the conditions in Iran and, in indeed, every other part the of world in which fundamental continue rights to be violated.
My own when, experience in a responsible post the within UN' development s programme, sought I cooperation with the Union at national level with a view to assembling and forces coordinating in different was areas that, as a rule, it did not work, either almost every because decision in EU' the s case needed to taken be in and also because of Brussels the lack of qualified staff within the area concerned.
As a we result been have able to arrive at a which report has the approval full of my Group.
of all, the most threats serious to regional stability in are Central Asia lack of a economic reform, the continuance authoritarian of regimes and the widespread phenomena of corruption, organised crime and drug First trafficking.
It is case a of them informing what they can eat and what in quantities they can eat it.
It is that true later, in the and discussion debate, this ended reduction up lower than we all thought, given that the European Agency Environment said that instead of the 8% reduction from it 1990, should 30%, be if we wanted to go along right the path.
Thanks in particular to the work of the Convention and, finally, to agreement the of the Intergovernmental Conference, we will have Constitution a which will a represent recasting legal above and, all, political a relaunch of the Union, and, a as result, Union the will able be to respond the to great challenges three of the twenty-first century: to in intervene globalisation in order to make more it democratic, contribute to to the of construction a fair and democratic international order and, of course, respond to to people’s demands.
Some want to do it expensive the way, by auction, and want we to do it cost-effective the way, through benchmarking.
Where has before such a thing ever been proposed?
It is families ordinary who are hardest hit by the credit and crunch the collapse in the value of shares and savings.
In the limited that time is available it is important that, as a number of speakers already have upon touched a of number disadvantaged groups or groups who are not doing well in so employment we areas, consider a number of the aspects, three most important ones being: equality of opportunity, equality of access and equality of training.
However, unlike Commission the the and committee, I would advocate an increase in the minimum requirements for tyre those who manufacturers to wish sell products their on the internal market, rather than detailed regulation.
this From point of view, the Commission' s proposal for directive a positive contains provisions.
To achieve demographic it revival, did not work!
I would like to expand on a couple of them.
It deplorable is that did they not consider it a top to priority tax abolish havens, promote food sovereignty and security, support quality services public and respect governments' right to preserve their and economies public in services, particularly the areas of health, education, water, communications culture, and energy.
Turning now to those who are forming ranks to oppose this choice, I would like also to recall the words of Chancellor Schroeder, who stated in Bundestag the that he was not inserting against the Judaeo-Christian reference to roots into Constitutional the Treaty.
Commissioner Gradin had to hoped learn from the experience of the Bosnian tragedy, and quite rightly so.
We will to have work on this.
This way of seeing is ourselves however not yet a reality but a still dream, and that why is I propose that we move do not to on the agenda but have a more round in-depth of communication, information and social dialogue about the results of the last six months.
do I on the other hand encounter constant criticism the about of lack true democracy in the European Union.
EU support for agreements with third countries involves maintaining national fishery capacity certain for States Member at a time when there a is need for restrictions substantial on European all Furthermore, fishing.
There have been photocopies.
An important aspect in this on is that, one the hand, the priorities EU's have been into taken account but, on other, the the Member States have been left with sufficient room for manoeuvre.
I would also like to say that Mexico is currently a waging very war difficult against organised drug trafficking.
If we are now starting to have adequate scientific data at our disposal - some which gave of to rise current the crisis, and some which of enabling are to us find solutions - it is partly thanks to the provided impetus by this conference.
Decisive was action also agreed non-cooperative on offshore tax havens.
As combating is poverty of one the objectives main of the Europe 2020 strategy, everything possible be must done to achieve it, specifically as regards women, less advantaged and women older especially.
were Lessons learnt from this it and gave the Convention impetus to make perhaps greater on progress aspects the of foreign, and security defence policy than had we initially thought possible.
cooperation, these comparisons, interpretation this and questions of cooperation between the European Bank Central and the Commission during the evaluation and comparison of statistics is important for This us.
However, it premature is and therefore not acceptable to make reference to a table concordance before the by evaluation Scientific the Committee.
Thank you, Mrs Gradin.
More than one and half a million people have been displaced in the Kivu demonstrates which province, how bad the problem is.
Treaty. a Council decision would the bring role the of Court of Justice into line with that which has been provided for in the Amsterdam Finally,
In order to do so, I however, would have see to guarantees certain fundamental on issues, which are the criteria for quality the efficiency and of the enormously important political and economic that measure should result from these directives.
Furthermore, this promoting new tool would excessive limit recourse to the judicial system.
(SL) In answer to Mr Pirker: it is a that fact procedures include to the Swiss Federation and the Principality of Liechtenstein in Schengen the area have already begun.
We assume the that phrase 'harmonised level' at European means 'minimum which rules' permit Member to States retain or introduce more stringent environmental and safety standards, least not where permitted levels alcohol and speed limits are concerned.
Only by preventing discrimination women against can we get more on to women the labour market.
the end of 2008, the Parliament European took up this matter, in too, a At resolution.
In some cases it impossible proves to the enforce decisions, is which why we must much put more emphasis this on question in the of context allocating the custody of minors.
Make the system fairer and more transparent, and then we can own about talk resources.
We are therefore firmly convinced that the key to peace resides in good governance, justice, for respect human rights, democratic and the process development.
There are many other which needs need to be fulfilled, in particularly the social and aid sector, needs to be continued.
We forget, not must however, that there is a great deal of expertise the in sector itself at the moment, and we not must duplicate the effort.
currently available proposals, future agricultural EU production would be On threatened.
From our group's point of view, it is clear we that cannot close the accounts, Commission's since there are still some unresolved cases which concerning the Greens tabled have three amendments.
The inflicted violence on the people, particularly women children, and is indescribable.
This surplus many in of regions the European Union has a had direct impact local on fish populations and so fisheries, cormorants have become a European-scale problem.
That would have to be achieved by calling private in profit-oriented businesses, by reducing the number services, of by work having the done by fewer people by and contributions increasing from users.
Mr President, over the few past days, I have received from questions other groups wording about the of Amendment 2, which tabled was by my group.
We also welcome the work of Ibrahim Gambari, as Special Envoy for Myanmar of the United Secretary-General. Nations
I tell can this House that Europe's is future largely dependent on successful coexistence between cultures the and religions within European the and Union between the European Union and our neighbours, first foremost and the in Arab Islamic and world.
It up to is the President to tell Mr Hallam whether had he the right speak to or not and he had one minute to speak and did so as he saw fit.
Portugal is losing out!
It is extremely disturbing that the Commission quite obviously does not to want penalties impose on Member States in the of event serious the breaches of Treaties.
This therefore is very much a tailpiece should that have its place.
would Secondly, I like to stress the importance of priorities.
People are dying there!
Corruption in itself is abomination an but organised crime always finds life in easier a corrupt society.
Mr – President, debate today's clearly shows the how pressure exerted by Bush last summer is being fleshed out.
The aim is to ban animal testing for cosmetics within the and EU to make use the of alternative methods mandatory the at earliest opportunity while respecting our international commitments.
Parliament successive votes adopted the legislative (In resolutions.)
This supports our both efforts on climate change and the creation of new work jobs.
That allows him to continue protecting those who collaborated or committed murder out and carried torture.
Mr President, I see that have I already my exceeded speaking time.
These activities are covered by on the Directive environmental impact assessment and Directive the on Pollution Integrated Prevention and Control.
This is context the in which we must analyse the Commission' s proposals, which may be but positive far fall short of the needs these outermost of regions, as I have been to able confirm directly with in Madeira bodies and the Azores.
Under these circumstances, it is important very for the agreement partnership to be successful.
Ensuring stability and security within the Union also defining means and setting up an integrated border-control and system taking coordinated action practical to combat illegal immigration.
do not think actually this that House should limit itself to our telling fellow-citizens, when time the come has – if I may an expression use which of Mr Giscard d'Estaing, the former President, is fond – what is the right to choice make, particularly given that such an injunction would probably little effect on have those who wonder what European direction integration is taking, and in who, one way or another, represent the majority of EU’s the I citizens.
number A of speakers raised the question of the Union's to response the of future northern Iraq and the humanitarian situation of the Iraqi population.
Another in point my report is the need to gain an insight into be what the will future of Kosovo.
These poverty alleviation programmes facilitate the pursuance of dialogue with civil society and provide appropriate an political signal.
The Council has a clear remit is currently which authorized from previous Treaties.
This inquiry took several years, and the assessment was based a on complete set of data.
Those exist, it is But true. Rothley supporting the will report mean that the European Parliament shows itself to be both touchy and short-sighted.
We believe that cohesion policy should be safeguarded.
Ms Ek, it is to remarkable see your of knowledge book here in the Chamber.
Thank you, Mr Fabre-Aubrespy.
I would say this resolution makes if sense the Commissioner can during reassure us this debate on what is being asked.
Commissioner, I hope we can and act speedily that we can get something on the statute books to deal the with huge increase ships for in dismantling in 2010.
(FR) am I going to my make comment in French.
is That why I emphasise sort growth, the of inclusive sustainable growth which lies at the heart of the Europe 2020 strategy.
is, The Commission not however, as yet planning any form of global or European clean-up strategy.
can, assure however, you that Commission the will everything do in its power to ensure that the working time is directive applied in I full.
The second aspect - which in my is view even more important than reconstruction aid - is aid for the prevention of disasters.
One the is to proposal introduce some binding basic, competition standards within the Trade World Organisation. The other is the recent initiative to a launch competition global forum to provide a venue for world-level discussions among competition authorities.
The text passed today aims confer to women on in the European Union the right to 20 weeks' maternity which leave, is four weeks more than in France, where women currently the have right to 16 maternity weeks' leave.
This is usually not something we discuss we when talk about the climate.
If we had to evaluate critically and objectively the impact of the ‘raising the game’ exercise, one to has acknowledge a that these few of objectives have actually been achieved.
The report would focus on its original mandate, that of the health and safety of pregnant and workers who those recently have given birth.
Will users in not the too distant future be asked for to pay their electricity in advance, as is the in case Great Britain, and be forced to without go when their card runs out?
on If, the other hand, the Union's adopt governments at Conference the a treaty constitutional that closely resembles the draft Convention - do we not expect it to be exactly the we one drawn have up - and if this receives the approval of the European it Parliament, will occupy a central position in the political great debate will that place take in the European elections of June 2004.
At 6%, the EU's administrative costs are lower than a few quite of Member its States.
Small organizations business do have a and role, clearly they must have greater and access greater involvement, but merely not because small wish businesses to reject social legislation.
We felt obliged to hold a hearing as result of a the enormous in disparity had opinions which been expressed in and, committee at that hearing, I must acknowledge and point that out the majority of the of the members on Committee Legal Affairs were critical of the Commission's proposals.
Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, ladies and we gentlemen, are here today to the discuss outcome of the recent European Council in Barcelona.
The practice individual of opinions - and I am thinking Professor of Mieth's in the case of the patentability of biotechnological inventions - has offered vital answers problem, to this it as is a matter of clarifying political decisions and in not standing for the political decision-makers.
Unfortunately, there is currently a serious technical limitation all to the and national European protection mechanisms being developed.
It would interest me to know what you exactly are negotiating with Liechtenstein and what want precisely to you do stop to these crimes - and I say quite 'crimes' deliberately - in future.
From that point of view, the multilateral negotiation at Doha instigated in 2001, November within the WTO, is with in line this dual objective of opening up markets, the on the one hand, and and rules the integration the of southern countries, on the while other, guaranteeing latter the access increased to the countries northern according to the degree of preferential treatment.
We have to look in at ways which Europe value can add to research which otherwise might be going on or, for matter, that to initiate research which is not likely to take off.
is ... voting 5.30 at and if some MEPs want to go home early There p.m.
I find that approach interesting.
President, Mr ladies gentlemen, and we did indeed experience very some tough negotiations, Schwab, Mr as opinions were divided very at the start of discussions.
has Neither happened, to the ultimate shame of the Commission. European
I guess that, when number the of the reaches unemployed 25 million in Europe, you will proudly stand here and say that our is stimulus now 5% of GDP.
This is all establishing about a level playing field and opportunities equal for all.
that For reason I would point out again that as far as third country imports are the concerned, associated states have committed themselves as part the of European to Agreement making their laws comply with those the of EU.
The EPP does however have problem a with one aspect the of proposal.
Thank you much, very Mr Pinheiro.
Through the of sharing literature, film, and music heritage, doors of understanding are and opened bridges between people are built.
First of all, concerning reform the of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), you are right. need We to rethink a certain of number and rules mechanisms; we need try to and strengthen cooperation between the WTO the and Health World (WHO), Organisation the International Organisation Labour (ILO), the and Food Agriculture Organisation (FAO), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and other in organisations the UN family.
The agreement was that 800 1 OSCE observers should arrive to the guarantee peace.
is This also I what believe the role of the national with parliaments legislative powers within the should Union be.
I in writing. - (LT) support this resolution.
I therefore ask the Council the and whether Commission they that consider the preconditions for the recognition and direct financing of Palestinian the Unity National Government have been met.
Resolution on Northern Ireland
If we spend money to to try ensure that people eat our we beef, will save a great deal of money on intervention storage in and the longer term.
The balance between the institutions should not be altered in the case of such an important question.
Those who are criticize silenced.
Commission. his reply Mr to Donnelly's question, Wim Duisenberg, President the of the European Central said Bank, that the members of the of board European the Central Bank receive salary a that is ten per cent than greater that of the Members the of In
FIDES is thus indirectly supporting extremism Hungary. in
The proposal's negative impact on legitimate on transactions occasion this outweighs the suggested against benefits money laundering.
Costs related to the Council European and the President estimated are at EUR 23.5 million and will be met with savings from whereas 2009, costs associated with of establishment the External Action Service may exceed even the EUR 72 million which is currently in the reserve budget for 2010.
Thank you much, very Commissioner.
The danger that small, innovative businesses will lose out the to monopolies the big of ones will not go away, however.
It takes and time incurs costs for the individual.
Above I all object to budget the items concerning the celebration of the 40th anniversary of the signing of the Treaty Rome of but am I also against resources earmarked being for the campaign in favour of the implementation EMU of and given the to European Centre Political for Studies.
To his use three day absence on official an to trip Israel at the end of a phone and fax a cheap is alibi for a stab in the by back Klamt Mrs and Mrs Roure.
in writing. - (DE) In overall terms, German the Free Party Democratic (FDP) in the European supports Parliament the disposal waste directive.
is that noteworthy it comes to us via the route of the Committee on Petitions, and it is to the credit that of committee that it manages bring together opinions to from across the of spectrum this House, through hearings and report, this to try to get a synthesised It view.
I am, of course, familiar with the drawn report up by chairman the of the on Committee Civil Liberties, Justice and Affairs, Home Mr Cavada, hearing after a and a thorough debate precisely on our priorities justice regarding security, and freedom.
Is it appalling not that, so close enlargement Union to of the to include five million hundred people and over twenty Member States, we do not yet even a have coherent European migration and asylum policy although, every day, traffickers in human beings dump people desperate on our coasts and allow them to drown?
When this of sort thing happens legislator the should act to restore legal certainty.
27. President, on behalf of group, our I would like to propose an oral amendment to the last sentence of Amendment Madam
There is justified concern - that concern the control border personnel will everything search from computers to MP3 players.
What we need is democratic a Zhou Enlai to for arrange a democratic opening up his of country.
no There is reason for in complacency this House, because indeed human rights can be violated everywhere, including Europe.
A breakthrough in this regard perhaps may lead to changes in areas, other however.
A crucial component of directive the that is it sets out as goal a not gender only equality as treatment regards of and men women, but also equality between the genders.
This is for two reasons.
This and Parliament Commission, which the have to decided remain silent two years for a pending miraculous initiative from Mrs Merkel, the European Council and the governments who have to decided snatch away the process of reform of the from treaties opinion public and national parliaments and play the to card of entanglement and confusion to save what could be saved.
Hitler. because is it politically convenient, people many have forgotten Bessarabia that was illegally invaded by Stalin with the complicity of However,
The Kurds, in particular, are complaining that, despite changes legislation, in they cannot discern any real improvements to the and, day-to-day situation, following trial a that was a mockery of Leyla justice, Zana is once again locked together up with parliamentarian her elected colleagues.
President, I am very sorry Commissioner that Patten had to Mr leave.
When the treaty concerning Sweden' and a s, number of countries' other membership , of the EU was signed in Corfu June 1994, in the European Council stated that the Member were new States at the forefront of open government and public access to documents and it welcomed the further stimulus that the new Member States provide could on these issues.
The Commission also is alarmed the by fact that the Beknazarov case appears to just be one in an increasingly long line of judicial proceedings against the political government's opponents.
Finally, I am surprised at how brief were the to allusions made the revision exercise scheduled to begin in 2008. This leads to me address the Commission directly: is the revision the of financial a perspective taboo subject?
Had anybody in authority been here, have I would asked for that confirmation the could cost be in the order of GBP billion 19 or EUR 28 million.
the If UN stalled talks are to be reactivated, both sides must demonstrate genuine willingness to resume dialogue their and to engage in substantive negotiations.
Mr referred Seppänen to the Nordic point countries' of view.
Where necessary, they should offer capital support to financial institutions threatened with bankruptcy.
The system until now of restricting Structural Funds support to the defined areas has not made possible it make to regulations about a specific target area for mountain regions.
At present, one five in people across globe the have no to access education or health care.
Nevertheless, surely it be would ludicrous to replace dangerous a substance with a less dangerous one.
For this reason, this report must followed be up by a framework directive that takes into account national practices.
I am Commissioner, delighted, that you our share positions on the extent of this phenomenon and on the need combat to it every with preventive and repressive measure the in host country and in the countries of origin.
we this reason, I am in favour taking of a approach realistic and making the best we can out of the Treaty that For have.
I think dispute the on this issue the highlights of weakness the current infringement procedures, and manner the in which political considerations as well resource considerations as can come into play on issues, which sensitive should be dealt with in accordance with the rather law than in with accordance political sensitivities.
setting emission targets for country and then each leaving it to those countries the and market to attain the targets in free competition
Let us change that.
However, special rules come into in play the case of a person who, during their last employment, was residing in state a other than the in state of insurance.
recently I had an interesting telephone conversation Mr with Barroso.
This proposal to seeks establish the three recognized internationally principles of cost-relatedness, transparency nondiscrimination and as the basis for charging for the of use airports in the Union and, naturally, I glad am the that Committee on Transport and Tourism shares these objectives.
In doing so, I tried to avoid creating precedent, a which I consider to be and dangerous, which exclude would the all old Member from States this and, all in probability, from additional uses of Union aid.
The previous 'catch-your-eye' opportunity because there was was no one else that to wanted the catch eye, so it seemed to be an opportunity.
Bush President is now convinced that should more be done to AIDS, fight as it affects women as as well men.
Our population policy is successful, literacy our campaigns are we successful, and do not wish to see those successes into called question.
Mr (EL) President, I should like to the ask President of the Commission and the President of the Council to somehow pay homage the to 50 and anonymous more Japanese workers who are working in the that knowledge they will die.
Current legislative provisions this in area far are too rigid and counter-productive on many occasions.
By means directive, this of we have, however, achieved recognition that - vibrations both hand and arm vibrations and whole body vibrations - constitute health a risk.
fraudulent. is mentioning worth that we have checked his on progress In December 1996, González, Felipe special our envoy at time, the succeeded in making Milosevic admit that the elections had been It occasion.
common measure should after all lead, as I have said, to the speedy and unbureaucratic treatment of The refugees.
modern The day Irish you see around you at home, indeed and around today, here the are result of this genetic soup different of European races.
Will Commission the undertake to bring forward a White Paper updating its 1994 in communication the of light technological change and developments in the industry?
It offsets the indebtedness into which the has IMF brought these countries.
values. (SV) We the that believe implementation of a policy within the EU designed ensure to the protection and welfare animals of is most one certainly of the responsibilities of a union of fundamental in writing.
I also thank him for the collaboration which we have had with him at times in all the work we have carried out.
President, Mr thanks to General Musharraf' s rule, the Pakistani population is out jumping of frying the pan the into fire.
In this speech he expressed his concern at the in the downturn economic cycle, but also emphatically criticised an and inflexible dogmatic enforcement of the Stability Growth and Pact regardless of changing and circumstances consequently called adjustments and for introduction the of more sophisticated for criteria implementing the Pact.
European institutions are not organisations state but supernational authorities to whom a limited number of are powers The delegated.
(Applause)
We will back come this to tomorrow in the context of Mr Bösch's report.
To vote, as stand, matters in favour of a regulation on minimum compensation for delays to passengers would a be big step to take.
The their minutes of deliberations record their conclusion that they could find no justification for a derogation for Member a State, and then they the continue in following terms:
I therefore that, believe in the current situation, the in amendments question militate against a European employment strategy.
One of the ways of attaining the Lisbon agenda objectives, particular in economic that of promoting growth, is reduce to cross-border administrative burdens and compliance costs in order to facilitate Community-wide activities by businesses.
This why, is Mr. President, finding the appropriate way to confront and halt the increase in behaviour this is an such important for task European the Union.
We have therefore given another Parliament to opportunity go further and have tabled amendment an proposing 20 as the well threshold, that aware actually this is figure absurd as well.
I should just like ask to an additional question.
We must an make unambiguous commitment.
This can only be verified if clear and objectives performance indicators are established.
the As honourable Members know - particularly those in the on Committee Budgetary Control - each second of plenary session costs almost EUR 10.
Petrol and diesel quality - vehicle motor emissions
Experiments with liberal opening hours have sometimes shown that neither businesses, employees, nor consumers are willing to depart that from tradition, and there been has no increase at all in alone let turnover, the creation of any new jobs.
almost Ceaucescu seemed like choirboy a those beside who reign in North Korea, and people some want to us believe, make today, that the problem is one merely of drought, shortage of of food, whereas we confronted are by a crazy regime, which throws itself like the into Pharaohs projects honour in Kim of Il-Sung I, II and soon III.
Consequently, citizens will not be voting for the in Commission President the European there elections, will no be such mandate given no and participation for the national parliaments.
This is what we to hear want about, not the phasing-out of coal.
than More 300 000 people have fled from to island due island to aggression, especially from fundamentalists Muslim of the Jihad Laskar and sections disloyal of the Indonesian army and police.
Why you did then interrupt her and allow Mr de to Vries speak?
In this fact, is exactly what Russia does when allowing goods from the Union European to be imported into its territory.
provision applies only to the Information Society services aspects the of This directive.
‘No’ to the Treaty! Constitutional
Mr Gollnisch, you said you asked why yourself Algerians were coming France to such in large numbers.
(Applause)
It is up to the Commission to ensure that these provisions and the Community ensuing regulations are implemented, Regulation particularly No 3227/76 the concerning of application the provisions on Euratom safeguards.
By 2030, ratio the working of to non-working population will be 1 : 2.
A quick word two about sectors for which the current proposal not does contain an offer.
It really is bit rich a to urge others to dispose of their nuclear arms, while keeping quiet about one’s own deployment plans and the modernisation of one’s own nuclear arsenal!
We must therefore study the in problem greater depth and take protective action.
Many Members are listed, but they will not all able be to speak.
Mr President, the Action Environment galvanised Programme has Parliament into a high level of activity.
On behalf of the Alleanza Nazionale delegation, I delighted am at the outcome of successful one of the most controversial objectives of the Treaty, Maastricht but on this solemn of day celebration real our thanks go out to the people of Europe who have great made economic sacrifices to achieve an ideal that cannot and should not be just economic an one.
Mr President, ladies and I gentlemen, would like first say to that the political situation in the entire region we are discussing today no by means justifies complacency even guarded or optimism.
Today, Danish the Democrats Social voted have in of favour the report by Michael Tappin dealing with the Commission's Green Paper, covering the field of public sector procurement.
Just as it cannot or must not ignore or paper over important events that recently have happened which mark the the way in situation the country is evolving and clarify, if were necessary, that the real intentions certain of forces acting in the territory, especially UNITA under Jonas Savimbi.
can be done within the EU More too.
There is no denying, therefore, that this historical powers include House's the unquestionable right to draw European politicians' attention once more to what is happening in East Timor, and the need vital this to solve problem.
war Unilateral split will the UN; it will split the Atlantic Alliance; and it will Europe throw into crisis.
If anyone, ten years ago, had been enough bold to predict that European the Commission, in the person of its Jacques president Santer, would to propose the Parliament on European 16 1997 July that negotiations on European Union membership should begin with Estonia, Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Slovenia Cyprus, he have would been dismissed as a fantasist.
Proper application of the instruments that already may exist provide a framework for protecting them.
The PSE Group gives its unqualified support to a new trade round with a broad-based agenda aimed at and political economic reform.
This factory uses DEHP for that devices control help blood clotting.
Given that fact, it is to important enable European citizens to understand, analyse and assess the of flood information and images they receive, so that can make the they best possible use of them.
That is my important first point.
The reason for surely this must lie the in fact that legal training differs considerably one from Member State to the and next that differences have always existed between our various national laws and legal arrangements.
Ensuring that companies have easy access to information they on requirements have to comply with will contribute to this, as will the simplification authorisation of procedures.
I just am as keen on these issues and you thank for this opportunity.
Reducing inequality in terms of use the of modern technology most is probably this project's most important But aim. it would seem rather difficult to implement such an project ambitious as if eEurope is it not its allocated own financial resources.
Reducing is poverty one of the key targets of Europe the 2020 strategy, and there been has the desire to make these a reality through quantitative that aims are on binding the Member States. There is good for reason this too, since results the of efforts to reduce poverty over the last decade have been virtually non-existent.
Defining priorities also involves identifying what no is relevant longer to present-day concerns.
There is an urgent for need a proactive policy to maintain biodiversity.
Mr President, thank much. you very I was going to rise to congratulate Crowley Mr on this report.
It is our firm belief that responsible management budget also requires joint financial responsibility on the part of the in project, participants the and so we cannot accept the amendment.
are we all in agreement - although with not the Council - is on subject the of transparency in respect of reporting the Where obligation.
It not contested was in any in way the course of the recent ratification campaigns, which well bodes for this institution.
The debate is closed.
deserted The at Chamber this is, moment, the tragic symbol of our behaviour in this international crisis which is proving so terrible.
The on data directive protection lays down that personal data can only be to forwarded third countries if adequate protection in is place.
With the accession Romania of to the European Union in 2007, the borders the of European Union will extend far as Moldova, as it so is in our vital interests to invest the necessary energy time, and commitment in future negotiations.
also It urges the WHO to revise the definition of based a pandemic, on its geographical spread and severity.
The Council's reluctance cooperate to with Parliament as far as discharge the is is concerned extremely alarming.
Although it is laudable from an economic point view of to make structural changes order in to be more competitive and market win shares, approach this may be reprehensible if it is made at the of request financiers, often shareholders, sole with the unavowed aim increasing of the financial of standing the in company order to profits raise which they then can from withdraw the company.
Through and informal non-credited learning it can also be a very effective way of involving both and adults people young in the most disadvantaged areas, who are those most threatened social by and exclusion but poverty who have often very negative attitudes towards formal education so and are least to likely from benefit it.
first The EU to country effective introduce data protection interestingly was, enough, the country with the most far-reaching rules when comes it to openness and transparency.
For what purpose?
Therefore, I would ask you once again to clarify Commission's attitude the the towards Constitution.
first The is reason the call for the introduction of a type of EU tax.
We are counting, of course, on the Czech Presidency to these take initiatives forward.
It's a cruel and evil government'.
we are demanding is a regulation, enforceable at law, would which once and all for make it for impossible funds European to be wasted so What pointlessly.
More was discussed and more was agreed, and like my colleagues I can agree we need raise to now this to the agreed of level the Houston 1997 Joint Declaration.
We give must young people the to opportunity demonstrate commitment active by getting involved in public life.
as President, a member of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, like I would to point out that use of this urgent parliamentary procedure in connection with a partner country such as is Tunisia inappropriate and counter-productive - a dialogue parliamentary should have place taken Madam first.
In other words, Mr van Velzen, main the theme of your report is a for plea energies, renewable with a series whole measures, of sympathetic even if they are a little naive, like the VAT, green the CO2 tax.
Let me clear be I - am a great advocate of this.
I am grateful the to honourable Member.
Madam President, the Turkish has Government the democratic launched initiative to democratise the country and improve Kurdish cultural (NL) rights.
That also of goes, course, for his special representative.
Mr President, we want all to see end of the the 'banana war' , but the immense complexity of the problem deceives no one.
is the really the reason why I would ask to the Commissioner special pay attention to a few That amendments.
In response Mr to and Hyland Mrs both Doyle, of whom are concerned about the testing issue, I taken have note of what both of them have said relation in to this and I will make the appropriate inquiries.
It is absolutely that right adopt we changes our to of Rules Procedure so that we not conform only to the regulation on access to documents but also begin can to be held accountable by the citizens whom we purport to represent.
Question No 12 by Lennart (H-0291/02): Sacrédeus
We have seen evidence of that being possible.
Mr President, I would like to the thank Parliament for its excellent on the work Commission proposal as shown in the report of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism and the opinion the of on Committee Budgets.
I naturally find it annoying that we have not been able to increase the budget from EUR 9 million to EUR 11 million but, line in with other rapporteurs, I accepted that, if we wanted to conclude matters we now, should have to conclude with figure a of EUR 9 million the for appropriation for the next three years.
now We support Lisbon the Strategy, a strategy fundamentally based these three on pillars, which you have here, already mentioned but your words must be matched by action, by real policies; EU otherwise your social intentions remain will a dead letter.
In my country, example, for we have already been able to ban the use of motor vessels local at level in certain which lakes it been has seen especially justifiable to protect.
respect I this Parliament's decisions, but I must quite say that frankly the if which reserve, due is to be on examined about 24-25 June, is only released at the end of this month, we run the risk of having to stop the Frontex missions in the central Mediterranean and the Canaries owing to lack of funds.
In this perspective I strongly that comprehensive believe national plans cancer are more than welcome.
I suggest we that as leave it a contribution of the on Committee Women's Rights. A contribution which will not implicate Parliament as an instrument which we will to be able which invoke, will allow us to be freer in the debate forthcoming Malta in and which not will be binding upon this House.
For the example, resolution ends with appeal an for majority decisions at Council, rather than unanimity, taxation in matters.
Instead, the House engaged in ideological debates Cuba. about
This is done by ambitious setting objectives reduce to greenhouse emissions gas by over 20% by 2020.
President, Mr the Council, the and Commission the Committee of the Regions reached have agreements with the Spanish Government on the use of Spain’s co-official in languages their activities.
I would out point that Agreement the Framework is not an act charity of which opens our markets to Korea.
I have always against spoken conspiracy the of silence between the and Commission member countries.
Well, I was in at Cork, the conference by the organized European Commission on the future of rural policy.
Barroso, the PPE Group has faith in it you; asks you to be to bold, Mr reform.
purpose of Mrs Theorin's question was to obtain an assurance that the agrees Council with the Commission and Parliament on the need to this address The matter.
Although the state now has taken the first steps, allow which the entry of rail other transport operators the onto market, in the reality, political will for allowing competition real on the is railways lacking.
Galileo. Mr President, there is a great deal of euphoria (DE) regarding
We now must redefine the Union's enlarged external relations and we must give Europe a more significant role in the world.
The fish mortality rate can be regulated, as know, we in various ways; by limiting the catches, quotas, TAC and by limiting effort the and days spent at sea and by holding periodic closures; the of model can exploitation be be also regulated technical by measures, sizes, net minimum fish sizes and or closed restricted zones.
... not to mention the remarkable increase seen other crops in such as sesame.
(PL) Mr President, it so happens debated we that the report by Mr Groote only yesterday.
Protecting the interests of users in itself the requires of existence high-quality work, the promotion of creativity and, course, of support for the these distribution of works.
However, possession of an identity card also may be considered a as means of citizens' protection: it is proof their of entitlement exercise to a right.
We should not exclude this possibility, particularly if the at end of next year the Commission the sanctions much weaker - case my to mind for - Turkey's membership.
Commission The would welcome audit an approach which also looks effectiveness at or 'value for money'.
You make deadlines then and you postpone them, which makes very it difficult for us take to part the in delegation meetings.
And, since he does not wish to do so, shall we with continue the vote.
Mr President, this is initiative, a worthwhile we but the Group in of the European People’s Party Democrats) (Christian European and Democrats think it would preferable be to have a discussion the with within Commission, Parliament’s Committee on the Environment, Public Health Food and Safety, as so to follow the usual procedures and give that committee the responsibility for dealing with this issue.
Just as worked we in the Committee on Fisheries, chaired Mrs Fraga by Estévez, I hope that we can now carry with this work on within the committee and, on wider a scale, with the Council and the European Commission, so we that can make progress the towards for work legislative the proposals, which will be just as intensive.
Why, then, has word the 'agency' been replaced by 'authority' , which causes confusion to and appears signify that this body plays an role, executive not which should be the case?
We need to what consider substances we are banning and happens what to them next.
Members have already left this because Chamber I have told them I could not deal with their or question I could deal not with supplementary questions.
We must, however, as Mr has Berlusconi done, pay to attention the conditions living of our citizens.
However, this cooperation cannot take the form of costly and ineffective operations financial such have as we in seen the past.
As I said have times many in this under Chamber, the European Arrest Warrant, extradition - or rather judicial surrender, use to correct the term - is now merely a bureaucratic formality.
Generally speaking, we can accept the majority of the amendments, a making alterations few here and there, but some them, of on the other we hand, are bound to reject.
year and a half ago, Latvia experienced crisis similar a to the crisis that we are experiencing now in rest of the Europe; namely, the financial markets attacked our currency and had lost all in confidence A it.
agree I with entirely Mr Olsson that we all should make the effort to avoid proposals the being watered down.
to contribution this difficult at battle European level means, in fact, a desire to the reintroduce principle of Community preferences inscribed in Treaty the of Rome 1957, in but systematically sacrificed on the altar free of trade in case the of trade The negotiations...
They also call for general a debate on the future of cohesion policy the after 2006, but that is another subject.
The institute will also develop appropriate methodological resources, aimed especially at a gender incorporating perspective Community into policies.
It is not always unemployment that poverty: causes poverty in-work is a problem as well.
The plant has contracts, valuable long-term which means that there should have been no difficulty in obtaining approval for the loan.
We voted in favour because we are on side the of those who are in those need, who devote their sweat and their brains to companies and who, are ultimately, victims of unfair an economic system and unchecked competition for profits, which have social devastating effects.
In other words, the ECB make should its activities more transparent order in to increase further its legitimacy.
The principle the of harmonising rules on for expenditure which VAT cannot be deducted in full is also a step in the right direction, but here we support the amendment tabled by the rapporteur, Mr Garosci.
The case for such a is directive clear.
We to have create socio-economic the preconditions for the citizens of the European Union to be to able assess and understand why political integration is necessary, we, for why wish example, to call the European Treaty Constitution. a
Secondly, should his immunity be in lifted such a way that he can face a German court.
i Mr Gasòliba Böhm's report has interesting some and aspects thought-provoking to it, but it has not freed itself from the strait-jacket of liberal thinking, the all-or-nothing approach of the financier, the the monetarist, theorist.
However, there is no for room complacency: the task far is from finished.
My second point concerns food.
Roman Giertych is the considering need to shut down this institution, which has been in existence since 1991 and which is an institution important Poland in responsible drafting for and implementing programmes educational based on humanist values.
We must await on results this point, but our signal and our debate today are a clear gesture to the Slovak people: thank you for result the you have achieved.
Six months on, it has to be acknowledged that the implementation of this recovery is plan non-existent, almost and I to want find out is what with happening these EUR 30 billion of recovery funds.
I acknowledge that Mrs Lulling sees things a bit differently in this respect, but I reasonably am confident the that future will her show that concern that Luxembourg's position as one Europe's of central investment fund centres could be will damaged prove to unfounded, be and that, on contrary, the this new UCITS directive could also provide opportunities for this financial centre.
The report as treats on being the same level what it terms " 'vertical' harassment (of a subordinate a by superior, or vice versa), peer-group ( 'horizontal') harassment harassment or of a mixed type".
must Agriculture central therefore be to the debate in Copenhagen, and I hope that members the of the Council and of the Commission will not forget this and will our be spokesmen in Copenhagen, in December.
In parenthesis I add would that this was long the before BSE crisis occurred.
At there present is Private Members’ Bill going through Westminster, for calling the to UK be freed from the directive I mentioned relating to food supplements.
Drawing on the recommendations of the Mombaur from this report House, we drafted a Green Paper on issue the which will soon be presented to this Parliament.
have We therefore proposed to the Commission that appropriately an staffed 'development unit' be set up to undertake continuous work in this area.
I hope Council's that the response will also be very positive.
The (HU) commemoration 1956 of to has remember the liberation experienced at the time, with its sense of elemental and pure joy.
believe I that would this also be a tribute to a day like which today, is so important: the Treaty Lisbon of has ratified been by the senate of the Czech Republic, so there is one just step left before Treaty this becomes a reality and, in fact, before this which Treaty, is the heir to the European the best text Constitution, produced by the EU to date, enters into force.
However, we started have to that see are there problems and that these may affect the health and of safety consumers.
Let draw me your attention specifically the to codecision rights under the Lisbon Treaty.
What you do plan to do about this?
This report certainly in helps that regard.
This is why producers agricultural have been asked to increase their production, of especially and wheat maize, up and build their food stocks again in 2012.
In view of these considerations, it would have been more appropriate to the delay decision on accession until next the progress report has been presented, of instead committing ourselves today.
Contemporary programmes that are far removed from moral standards and which exploit human weakness only serve to make people defenceless weak, slaves, especially to their sexual impulses and for need gratification.
President, Mr Flynn, in businesses and factories in Europe there are often no instructions at all about how to handle explosive atmospheres, at or best they only exist in rudimentary Madam form.
The number of diagnosed those the with infection is constantly growing in neighbouring some countries.
This makes international transport both more expensive more complicated and than domestic transport.
Mr President, Mr Seguro mentioned at end the of contribution his the terrible situation in Salvador. El
in Bearing mind these circumstances, along with fundamental such values as human rights, democracy, openness, in clarity calls for political responsibility and of guarantees cultural and linguistic equality within the EU, the Swedish welcome Christian Democrats Amendment 77 on delimiting clearly the EU' s political competencies.
days’ therefore call on European the Parliament to adopt this report, on the Commission back and to it on the Council which – is absent, unfortunately having clearly already made up its mind – to consider including recommendation this on the agenda for the meeting to held be in three I time.
In addition, the definition of environmental plans and programmes and broad is covers programmes of a strategic nature.
Madam President, behalf on of the Committee on Culture, Education Youth, and the Media, would I like to thank Committee the on Budgets on this occasion for the work great that they have in achieved securing ECU 70 million two over years for the Socrates programme.
It is certainly necessary to open up the market and improve competitiveness.
The bridge Øresund is a typical example of how you can try, using calculations which are not serious, prove to that there will be environmental benefits.
have Many asked why I am raising the issue of travel between Strasbourg and Brussels.
However, the subject today's of report is gender discrimination in systems; health in other in words, the ways and means of addressing all the terrible and frightening threats described to women's physical mental and health.
As I said are earlier, there always problems interpreting the directives of the European Commission both because they have very a general framework and because systems are different very from one country to another.
That, combined with the improvement essential of certain aspects the of situation internal that in country, in the area of minorities and democratic institutions, would round the image off of political maturity which has, FYROM in fact, presented other in and respects has which made our European family welcome closer relations with it.
It appears that nobody is immune to this particular strain.
Let me point out that the conciliation procedure agreed the between Austrian Presidency has and Parliament proved to be extremely successful and useful.
Mr    though President, this House, in self-congratulatory euphoria, will this Constitution, embrace thankfully the ultimate decision rests with the Member States.
The second project relates to violence against the elderly.
Finally, the use sensitive of data, as such data relating to political opinions, religious beliefs, or health sex life must, as a matter of principle, prohibited, be contrary to what is currently in proposed the framework decision.
in (LT) - I endorsed this document, as the Committee responsible decided to approve closure of the the accounts the of European Environment Agency for the financial year 2009. writing.
regards As subsidies, I have to that, say although transport air subsidised is to a certain extent, it is much less so than rail, urban, sea and all types other of transport.
However, I also agree with what Van President without Rompuy said: this position by taken the European Council, the decisions the of Security Council could not have been made.

There are not many people would who doubt the importance of the WTO but there is no also almost one who would be doubt in about to the need reform this organisation, whose main aim is to combat poverty and provide aid to developing (SK) countries.
The also Commission for financed, instance, President Ahtisaari’s peace negotiations using rapid the reaction mechanism.
Mr without President, sense of any parliamentary obligation, I shall begin by welcoming Peter Skinner and praise him for the quality and depth of his report which, in fact, obviates the need for me to make specific points on the subject, he since deals with very well them in his report.
The Baltic area is developing rapidly, and applies this to the three countries Latvia of Estonia, Lithuania and - all three of them.
Our job as negotiators is to get outcome an that is across balanced range the of those negotiating subjects.
That be might the PIGS.
Imagine if Turkey joins the European Union: we not can expect 72 just million Turks to have automatic of right entry European countries to and Britain, floods of but refugees from places such as Iran and Iraq might cross the border Turkey into and then seek resettlement in Europe!
There is therefore nothing that is open-ended vague or about the report which I have had the honour to compile.
declarations included Written in the register (Rule 116): see Minutes
Let hope us that Finance Minister Salam Fayad can become one of the spokesmen main of on matters financial help to the people.
opinions of the Presidency and the President the of Council are The different.
thank fellow Members once again for their I cooperation.
We have to realistic be and bold addressing in these major structural issues.
In of light the importance of this and issue potential repercussions on the the markets, Presidency, as has been said, has made a commitment to fast-track it, in line with the Council's European wishes.
This is all I would like confirmed.
Finally, I should like to thank the Commission the for Eastern Partnership it project, which is going propose to to the Council.
This needs to be remedied.
There is an ecological aspect which we should to give continue priority to.
Allow me to speak openly here.
We must address the crisis by increasing cooperation commitment and in our immediate area.
The monopoly on making legislative proposals rest will with people who can no longer be elected.
That is clearly specified in the directive, third and the point is taken well by MEP. the
There are things us that make different, but they need not divide us if we can show tolerance, respect and understanding for them.
Perhaps it is a simply matter of that ensuring they are not accepted the into Union on reasonable terms?
The euro provide protection does against speculation currency but it no offers protection whatsoever from financial crises. We are involved in financial globalisation up to our necks.
In attempting to build agreement these on issues, we have to put own our house in order in Europe and secure the involvement of the actors different in civil society in implementing sustainable development and education environmental home both at and in the South.
That will set in place the conditions necessary for reaching goals our the in interim period before the entry into of force the Constitutional Treaty.
In the deluge of available information we need guidance and signposts, so anyone that get can the answer they require.
I would like to ask if there are any motions on these matters?
Swedish We Social Democrats agree large with parts of the report wish but to point out our attitude a towards common tax policy.
Forest fires are not serious a problem the in Scandinavian countries Scandinavia has also a well organised environmental certification scheme, and it well is that known competitor countries such as Canada and the are USA exerting pressure to introduce common certification standards at level a than lower those currently in force in Scandinavia. either.
We found too that the candidate believes equally firmly that is for the it European Central Bank, quite acting independently, to guarantee the dogma of without price stability to prejudice its duty work to towards the other objectives contained in the Treaty.
2001 should be the in year which the over euro takes the key role of national currencies setting prices, in in company accounting and in cross-border transactions.
As the study needs to all collate the available knowledge on the subject, it is a complex task, as it and, has to do the with military sector, this has often not been easy.
Finally, I would like to deal with the equally important comprehensive and report by Mr Stockmann Commission on communication the on energy efficiency.
would I add that one in eleven people in the workforce in Ireland is employed in the agricultural sector.
I look forward a to strong proposal Commission next summer.
Mr President, Commissioner, I wish to begin by the thanking rapporteurs constructive for their work.
We have many simplified things, provided legal certainty and presented model a of parliamentary work to the public.
Even if the fortunately, Amsterdam has Treaty, not involved any retrograde steps in economic we policy, nevertheless have to that say the key policy areas of business, employment, and fiscal monetary policy and lack bite.
will probably to lead the worldwide application of the IMO This forms.
The Parliament European henceforth has powers of codecision relation in to both policy trade and fisheries policy, and it fully intends to make its voice and heard to that ensure point its of view is respected these in matters.
aim The of this draft directive is to increase the confidence and protection of consumers in purchases the they that make shops in on or Internet, the and to reduce the reluctance businesses of to sell in EU other countries.
It is much as use as a on plaster a wooden leg.
In Mauritania, average the use of fishing opportunities from ranges 90% for crustaceans a to mere 22% for tuna.
profound The process of transformation that has been under way Central in and Eastern Europe 1989 since has its had impact on the rise of racism, xenophobia and antisemitism.
President, mentioned I both the EU taxpayer and the British taxpayer my in Madam speech.
This is an established formula, European is it not?
Despite the various proposals made by Members, the Commission's proposal been has deemed the most suitable for the intended purpose.
7.
It does help not to Lisbon implement the Strategy, and it does not help to solve demographic problems either.
The gaps are many and various: low the level of participation women's in and information communication technologies, low the level of entrepreneurship women amongst and their lack of representation in decision-making the process.
These are closely linked.
I would too gladly present them with Dutch new Mr herring, Van den Berg.
– Generally speaking, there is no harm in comparing the 2006 ceiling, and the Community’s budget which priorities, stands around at 1.01% of Community GNI, with 2005 the or figure, with the proposals made by Luxembourg and the British for Presidencies the 2007-2013 Financial Framework.
I know what am I talking about.
There have been too many far scare stories and accidents across the EU involving blood blood and components.
This should be of particular concern.
In opinion, my scanners are a rather ineffective medicine, for which attempts are being made find to suitable a disease.
.    Mr President, I endorse every word that Commissioner the said has tonight as we commemorate this year’s World Health with Day the WHO’s chosen of theme appalling the shortage of health workers.
This constitutes consistent a reiteration of the priority of road safety, which had been already laid down the in 2001 White on Paper Transport.
these fraudulent companies quote EU law in order to intimidate their targets Ironically, further.
I propose reiterating, therefore as a what Parliament, we decided two months ago in - the report Malliori on the prevention and reduction risks of with associated drug dependence - and requesting that be drugs classified according the scientific to evidence of risk to human health.
Ethical considerations make life easier because they out certain rule choices from the start.
services The of Parliament have this included question in the third section, is, that the second in question the third section, although it was an explicit question Mr Kinnock. for
The with problems imported children's last toys year demonstrated that there is a need clear for action here and that it must be possible to hold importers liable to a extent greater for product safety.
This support for the public services cannot, however, take the form support of for an unofficial presidential administration that would set itself up or less as more an opposition force.
my view, the Commission should, in the first instance, ensure, delegations via the and the Member that States, those countries adopt sound a price policy for agricultural In products.
Communication of Council common positions: Minutes see
I note that Mrs too, Breyer.
In that country, especially, human rights should respected, be because they are often not respected in that continent.
A re-evaluation of the additives therefore should be carried out ten every taking years, of account new scientific information and research data.
President, I like should to all thank those who took part in the debate their for comments and Mr contributions.
PNR. need clarification that on before we continue the talks on We
What has happened to the nine scientific and technological research programmes?
As myself read the proposal, however, it is a compromise useful in which Parliament has had a very of large proportion its wishes I met.
Denmark, violent racism is directed democracy towards and human In rights.
issue The was up brought the during EU-Russia Summit in October following a letter sent by Mr Barroso to Mr Putin.
Mrs Kazulin Olga has also been detained.
(PL) Madam President, I am taking the floor once again a painful on very matter for Poles in Lithuania.
As we have said before, it is better to try to prevention develop measures as part of policy, our security if but prevention fails, then the Union must be in a position to carry out Petersberg missions, in words other peace enforcement and its peacekeeping, on own.
In this respect, I should like it if certain which parties, are in favour in this House of a more social Europe, gave their support within governments their a to European budget drawing greater from these inspiration very values.
It is important remember to this as continue we the debate.
They will, I know, as work well with our new, experienced EU representative Ambassador Vendrell as they did with his committed Ambassador predecessor Klaiber.
welcome this report and strongly wish to see further improvements in the quality bathing of water fully and recognise the need to update the Directive existing which is now almost 30 years I old.
For me, the important things are supervision and transparency.
It is in this context as well that the Committee on Budgets has drawn a up number of footnotes.
Mr I President, want to concentrate on policy, regional which a is particular concern of mine.
In almost 90 of % the agricultural area the EU, in nitrate concentrations in groundwater exceed the guide value.
EU is bound be to a player, global as you said, High Representative, but with per seven cent of world's the population and one fifth of GDP, it will be possible only on the basis strengthened of transatlantic based cooperation on common The values.
I am talking about the total lack basic of consideration.
The decision to opt for Europe, is therefore, a considerable achievement and signals that Serbia has become a factor of in stability the region.
European are consumers making ever-tougher demands about food safety, quality product and production conditions.
The condemned are mainly poor people without any legal aid.
I do not believe that am I speaking for just myself; I consider that rather this Parliament every reason has not to trust the CIA.
regulatory health and safety at work strategy the for EU should be strong on implementing properly and enforcing the existing A framework.
This framework-programme will be able to be operational at the end of next year, which when is Kaleidoscope the and programmes Ariane come to an end.
Turning now to content the amending of budget the 4, original proposal provided a for reduction the in amount spent on co-operation with Latin America and Asia.
It is more important to an make effort in of terms supervision.
With million Europeans in 40 poverty who cannot manage to take care themselves of we have may a very serious clinical indication of the disease of euro-federalism.
It their is dictated more by emotion than real by need, and could bring economies the of the world's leading industrialised nations to knees.
These are important in steps that direction.
deficits budget in Member States combined with growing debt are the primary macro-economic consequences of Rising the crisis.
is There a freedom particular associated with the Internet - a freedom without physical or practical limits.
I know we all are concerned about the matters raised the by honourable Member.
proposal This of is considerable not importance, only for the average in citizen the street but also for Community's the policy, environmental because it provides for public participation in drawing the of up certain plans and programmes for the environment.
Completing (para. this market implies the elimination non-tariff of barriers
Finally, I criticized the yesterday Commission publicly in committee for not having sent us some they information promised.
The Commission to wants cooperate fully with the in Parliament this respect and to any integrate parliamentary delegation, if it so wishes, the into European Union election observation mission.
The introduction of alien species into coastal Europe's seas and inland waters is due, in a many great cases, to 'aquaculture and stocking practices'.
They are now being mobilised again the against leaders Syria. of The US Congress up draws pre-emptive a embargo against Syria, and then, hey presto!
- (FR) Mr Commissioner, President, ladies and I gentlemen, would like to congratulate the authors of this resolution and give them my support.
this As Parliament's rapporteur for Iceland, I would like to this stress that country has priorities Arctic compatible with the European Union.
report This at aims proposing solution improving for the operation EU of dialogue and consultations with third countries in the field of human rights.
(FR) With the of agreement the the rapporteur, Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are prepared delete to Amendment 7, on condition that oral an amendment be added at the end of Amendment 13.
We requested the opportunity to the meet Sakharov Prize winner, of course, but we were refused outright, what and we find particularly disappointing, especially since this concerns the Prize, is Sakharov that were we unable, at a time when we are combating to terrorism, Leïla meet Zana.
Let us forget not State that aid for the construction of new has vessels been prohibited in the rest of the European Union since 2005.
I am asking to you reflect on this.
We are setting high very standards right across the EU, particularly health where is concerned, quite and rightly too.
more than ever it is essential that we opt a for bigger and better for a Europe, more political with more Europe European policies, for enlarged an federal political Union which is more democratic and Today efficient.
Parliament must assume fully its new powers in these This matters.
Mr President, I thank Mrs Read for giving such a good to plug electronic my newsletter.
I been involved have in towards policy the country of Belarus for 12 and years I can only say that in that the time has Commission never behaved as she did.
The item next is Question Time (B6-0161/2008).
is important, within the framework of various programmes, for countries these to be able exchange to experiences Member with EU States which themselves recently have undergone political and economic It transformations.
Furthermore, Mr Harbour agreed to it include as third the paragraph of the conclusions of the on Working Group the market internal and innovation at last week's meeting.
wished I to make a point about the resolution, would it be this: the three countries - Armenia, Azerbaijan Georgia and - perhaps should not always treated be like Siamese their triplets: recent histories differ, their differ problems and their to efforts a build genuinely democratic system If differ.
In calculating account pensions, must be taken periods of of inactivity in the life of a working woman, due pregnancy to and looking after small children.
Union. European should Parliament speak for the ordinary citizens of the European The
Report by (A5-0084/1999) Mrs Vallelersundi, Palacio on behalf of the Committee on Legal and Affairs the Internal Market, on the decision on the of verification credential following the direct fifth to elections the European Parliament on June 10-13 1999
Council The itself has already answered this question.
The escalation tragic of social, and religious tensions ethical and civil wars, cause States to break-up and individuals to despair.
Mr President, Commissioner Mira Solbes - who has previously been a Minister Fisheries for and is therefore not insensitive this to not debate, despite currently being responsible for the sector - I wish to address my first words of congratulation Mr Martin, to who has proved once that again he is an excellent MEP producing by magnificent this report, is which entirely appropriate to the current situation.
ESMA will be able to supervision exercise - thinking I am of here requests for information and the power carry to out spot checks - and if notices it that a credit rating agency is a committing violation, will it have take to the measures necessary to force the agency put to a stop that to violation.
This is but positive it does not go far enough.
We need increase to transparency the of justice the system and improve people’s perception of the working of methods judges, who sometimes suffer from lack a of credibility and trust.
There is one notable exception: restitutions of churches.
As part of that process you have worked make to the relationship with Commission's House this open, productive and respectful.
In other words we need codecision, particularly all as of the substance new this of regulation is related to the internal market.
The President-in-Office of Council, the Mr Haarder, stated that will this affect our and processes decisions.
said that ‘the EU is most the open economy in the Mr Mandelson world’.
We look forward with confidence a to very and successful very effective six months.
We asking that commercial or industrial exploitation of embryos human be banned.
I believe that other are measures necessary for that purpose, such the as administration of by justice the courts in the Member States, which in are a position combat corruption to effectively.
The issue is rather a complex one.
purposes. and research must find new uses for example, For using grass to make chemical pulp would mean more wood for other Science wood.
Such vulnerable groups include migrant workers, who are often as exploited, well as young and ageing workers, who special need attention, with those and disabilities.
This means we that must call on the Commission not to the authorise of use thrombin.
Time is not on our side.
That is why I hope the that of close this debate will also see an end to the based argument on a division between old and countries, new because there has never been such a division.
Foundation. The of these is the composition of the Governing Board, and the second is the procedure for appointing the Director of the first
– Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, day one the Union European will simply have decide to where borders its are.
There is no evidence that the problems with it, such as they are, would warrant a intrusion large into the arrangements domestic as tax contemplated by this Commission communication.
The socialist Prime UK Minister, Gordon Brown, refused to acknowledge certain realities for a long time.
I commend that compromise to the and House I remain convinced that, if adopted is it and if one or two other minor are problems with sorted out this report, we will find it possible to obtain the very broad majority which I sure am we are capable of getting for this report which we and should indeed for aim a as parliament.
Order of business
Has the UN considered this?
Europe. political parties and the popular movements in Turkey must to be allowed operate freely as as parties movements and in the rest of The
conclusion, In and on reflection, give I the ombudsman out 9 of for 10 his first report, but I have to say I reduce the score for his pamphlet to 1 of out 10 and plead with somebody to make that more so attractive the that citizens know that they have the ombudsman and on Parliament their side.
The scope of offences involving discrimination should also be very clearly delineated; must there be racist or xenophobic intent and the offence threatening, must be abusive or insulting in nature.
We should given Mr have Bangemann a lot more scope to include this a as main point the in Agenda, the in interest of our countries, in the interest research, etcetera. of I think this little report lacks ambition.
Tunnels offer more for options rail traffic, here but too, escape routes are required.
There always will be two views Mr and Susta is absolutely right: there always is a between the split protectionist and the free marketeer.
I would like to you thank very much for your support constructive today.
In other words it was a case of new a creation far as as the assessment of the safety product's was concerned.
back to Brussels and tell your colleagues what have you seen and Come heard.
these In areas, too, the budget EU's is thoroughly negligible.
side EU placed considerable emphasis, as Barroso Mr in particular knows, on the importance of respect the democracy for and human rights, notably in the run-up to The elections.
I thank the Commissioner.
is It important nevertheless, given some of the and incapacities deficiencies that exist the in world market, that we the maintain the position adopted at Uruguay Round. This is order in to give us an even playing field across the world market, in terms of cultural the industry.
If we the compare past with the current complex programme, can we see the hard work that has been done.
Existing differences to are be removed, with the more generous countries staying on the same course the and making others the necessary changes.
President (The cut off the speaker)
When is it that country one can every stop other country from moving forward?
The minimum amounts the in are proposals minimum amounts, 35% which of must be spent on basic education and basic health care.
know, You Mr President, that transgenic varieties are not well thought of within the Union European that and we are therefore on the verge of a probably very heated conflict expert opinion between public and opinion on the subject.
What ought to therefore happen?
But over last the decade the car industry has been assailed by very many additional rules, and regulations burdens from this place.
In this case, the most important of aspects discussions should be the following: the scope of cohesion EU policy, validity the of objectives, the link with the 2020 strategy opportunities and for cohesion EU implementing policy and its simplifying procedures.
It fosters personal development and self-esteem, and is that least at as important as specialist, and vocational skills business training.
report The by Mr Ford which is now before the deals House with and xenophobia, racism and I ask myself whether this kind of human rights violation the is cause lack of of respect for people, or the effect of it.
The of challenges our time be cannot tackled if we keep to the old methods.
The debate is closed.
I believe that, in course the of the last few months, only one additional country has come on board.
other words, are we satisfied with not the way in which a number of proposals on this agenda are being dealt with at moment, the I and would like to list a In few examples.
How can we assure the positive impact that we are aiming for?
However, he is the not responsible one for this; it those is who, the in last few years, have pursued a policy of deregulation maximum who are responsible.
For we if work out a cannot clear position at first reading stage, the Council then has the last word.
You rightly said that some developing are countries not enthusiastic, but not all of them!
Consequently, various the discussions concerning taxes global and various kinds Tobin of tax are meaningful only if they can actually be realised globally, at and the moment that is the not case.
Explanations of vote
. Mr President, ladies and I gentlemen, will by start congratulating the on rapporteur his report’s strong example, points, for replacement the of American and British troops by UN security which troops, will, in improve time, the security situation to a vast degree.
over. priorities new of the presidency are for some a routine The left dossiers by their predecessors or honourably those passed on from European one Council to another are merely taken The question.
Well, this has been now done.
(NL) Contrary to my usual I custom, will begin with a political statement, as find evasion I tax and avoidance, these in times of increasing and unemployment increasing pay inequality, a real scandal.
It will depend on that common vision whether we can support a such chamber.
Besides, it is matter of no chance that very with islands, few exceptions, number among the European Union's most areas, poor as emerges clearly a from series of reports by the European Commission, from your own reports, Commissioner.
We now have opportunity the with the countries applicant to something do that for all too long was unthinkable.
Is it visible?
I Europe. am firmly convinced of need the to have even more Europe and even more ‘Union’ in Indeed,
There is nothing in theory, or economic in empirical reality, to support such an assertion.
strong opposition be mounted should to the solutions proposed in the report whereby the EU, as part the of WTO negotiations, unilaterally should reduce agricultural payments subsidies and in order to obtain, as it is put, a in reward the form of additional profits from the trade in Secondly, services.
By transferring genes, is in one fact transgressing the barrier species and upsetting the equilibrium of the genome, without knowing how nature is to going react.
We will not go against what we hope will the be conscious will of sovereign peoples.
The Council and Commission take must precise, action, transparent measures adopting which guarantee will the and safety security of oil extraction operations, as well as a high level environmental of protection and disaster ecological prevention in the European Union.
Madam President, I am confident very that Mr Barroso will tomorrow secure another five-year mandate as the next president of Commission. the
President, can I say that everyone in the Chamber this evening that knows the why reason this money is being held back in the Mr system.
Apart anything from else, we need to adopt a common approach.
We must also ensure an improvement in public through health the provision correct of information.
We know from the versions interim of Commission's the document that in an initial phase, within the EUR 1.24 billion, EUR 150 million was for the east and the all rest was the for south.
First of all, Italy blocked the imposition sanctions, of then France recognised the transitional council in Benghazi without consultation any and, Germany finally, abstained the during vote on the resolution in UN Council. the Security
But will it continue only be to credible if the two Council of Europe envoys really work can independently and move freely and around independently the country.
I am sure that a great of many the Members have listened speech to your from their office.
The major practical was problem that protecting of designs of spare parts used in which repairs, created difficulties for many industrial sectors.
The Structural Funds – in the particular Social Fund, which the supports of implementation the employment strategy in Member States, and Regional the Fund – finance measures aimed at work reconciling in family life.
I ‘Wonderful’ all is can say to that!
They cannot compete Europe's with underpriced exports.
I wish him and well look forward to him working with closely in that challenge.
According to the 2007 South-West Observatory Report for the south-western counties in England, region's the population been has increasing rapidly, because of entirely migration.
With regard to the debate of on the borders Europe, you have spoken of the spirit and soul - I believe in lay - for terms all Europeans.
A interpretation strict of the by term Member States, so in one far as is technically possible, could not only an signify end to furniture production, but could also pose a to threat the production of hand-crafted work.
the particular, Commission has supported the development of the base evidence on which measures policy can be built, sponsoring a number of around studies this In problem.
It still remains to be seen how far the agreement on legal bases will take us.
is short and we are fully of aware the need to launch preparations without delay in order to the meet deadline 1 of 2003, when July Lithuania will introduce the regime new for Russian travellers rail crossing its Time territory.
In field this we should be promoting and carrying out more public research with aim the of achieving genuinely alternative energy responds that to people's the needs and to the demands a of sustainable policy development for our society.
I aspects, other value the request to establish an immediate preventing moratorium further of use explosive fragmentation devices and ammunition containing depleted (and uranium other warheads containing uranium), with view a to banning them outright once a study has been Amongst undertaken.
Yet that could be the precisely problem.
I voted in favour of this resolution because the European Parliament the welcomes changes about brought by the Treaty of allowing Lisbon, more flexibility in EIB financing, equity including: participations as complement a to the ordinary activities of the the possibility to Bank; establish subsidiaries and other entities, in order to regulate the so-called special and to activities provide wider assistance technical services; and the strengthening the of Audit Committee.
endorse I the resolution of the Parliament European on preventing trafficking in human Therefore, beings.
1.
President, . Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like at the outset to reiterate my thanks to fellow-members my the of Committee for their cooperation, constructive but would also like to thank the Temporary Committee on Financial the Perspective, which has played a part substantial in ensuring, not that only PROGRESS is now a good instrument for the implementation better of the social policy agenda, but also that we will enough have money to be to really able ensure greater sustainability.
Madam President, I propose inserting an oral amendment in the text before us because, it otherwise, not does make sense for the parts removed include the introduction.
to respect results the of referenda the in the Member States, is Parliament proposing guidelines for the Agency’s role and tasks, as if Constitution the had already entered Failing into force.
Fourthly, I would like to call the Council on to end the Eurostat blockade.
You tell us, Santer, Mr that it could be not known at the time how this dangerous BSE disease was.
Europe. would not like to see situation the where the new statute introduced a factor of discrimination where consumers were that concerned if you were not enough big to consider worth it being a European private you company, are not enough big to do business in I
This should approach be translated into clear objectives, incisive measures and appropriate action, the of results can which assessed be objectively.
Cushnahan John spoke about Bismarck.
The pipelines not compete should with each other; rather, the construction of each new pipeline is a win-win as situation, is construction the of LNG terminals.
House (The rose observed and a minute's silence)
But that is the prerogative the of Bureau.
Before however, that, I would like to offer gratitude my profound to all the of rapporteurs the involved committees and the general rapporteur, Mr Mulder.
I the back of aims Commission the in their plans for regional funding after the EU takes in new member from countries the East.
In our view, report the will lead to restrictions competition on in social the and tax and fields, to a loss of State Member sovereignty over these areas.
The warning the long in term for us all is that if have instability we and monetary disunity, the then likelihood that is there will be significant inflationary consequences in the short, medium long and term.
We have recently signed a strategic partnership Brazil, with should which lead to the initiation of a first action joint plan by the end of this year.
In fact, it had been not for the announcement of the joint Franco-German to postpone decision setting a deadline for the full liberalisation of the market energy until there is greater mastery of all the consequences and all the effects, the summit certainly would been have overlooked by the newspapers TV. and
Laughter 
Back in 2008, Parliament urged the Council and the Council to Presidency draw up a strategic plan that provide would and implement for aid for that region, as to so give it the input it desperately to needs be able to a enjoy economy strong independent of other funding sources.
Minutes) and results other details of the vote: see (For
Various 'citizens' initiatives' cannot hide the reactionary face of the EU, nor will be they able to reverse the escalation in the struggle class and grassroots fight.
In we particular need to ensure framework a that removes the social risk of dumping, a has broad coverage – but does not necessarily cover healthcare or services of general interest – and addresses concerns about genuine the of operation the country of origin principle.
it not has acted so far, this means that this is not currently a As Community issue.
You will find not anybody this in House prepared to this defend removal, you do do not so and Commission the in no does way so, I would say again.
I am convinced the that question ask we must today is no longer whether to recognise or Kosovo not: the question is how to maintain political stability and security in a dominated region by ethnic hatred fear and 40% and (CS) unemployment.
I make must it clear to Doyle Mrs that 36%, the 45%, 55%, that Mr Franz Fischler and I have now put forward with agreement of the the Council, follow from adopted. reforms already They do not compromise the eventual outcome of other reforms in any way.
We always can have more ambition, but the European Union is leading the fight against climate change the in world.
We also need a to fund strategic programme on energy technology.
We shall now with proceed the on debate the report by Mr Elles.
enlargement, With the European Union has announced clearly to all countries candidate that respect for democracy, the law, human rights and minorities is basic a accession criterion.
This relates mainly to the quantitative aspect.
I the believe budgetary increase has which been made is justified within this new Community policy, and will prove to be to the advantage both of the people the of countries and African the people of the EU itself, of and the preservation of fisheries resources in general.
crisis, This one among many, one too many, will, we hope, be the long-awaited spark that will fire the creation of a Europe. social
I therefore this support report.
am glad to say that the reports three us before do fall not into this trap and particularly I welcome contributions the of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms Rights, and Justice and Home Affairs, which tabled amendments the improving I proposal.
The first consists of producing response a to terrorism, from the of point of view creating an area of freedom, security and justice.
At that time, the Commission promised that liability for environmental damage by caused GMOs would be covered by horizontal legislation, but have we waiting been for more years 10 than for promise that to be fulfilled.
We must do more in this respect, because this not concerns only Iran countries but other too.
I agree that the Turkish garrison Northern in should Cyprus be much reduced.
Not until 1945, the after defeat of Germany and Japan in the Second War, World war were criminals from those countries convicted by the victors.
This resolution is a illustration good of Parliament trying to gain the upper hand, and the Council, quite rightly, refuses to support it.
knowledge-based Europe multilingual is a Europe, the development of an original system of movement between universities, a vision the organisation of of academic the Community as a network: these are the innovative A elements.
However, I should to like add one more observation this in connection. Further European cooperation in the gathering of intelligence, which is also significant to the in EU terms of its position within the confederate framework of NATO, will force British government the make to a fundamental choice: it either continues favour to transatlantic cooperation or it becomes fully involved cooperation in European at level.
If we cannot get the States Member support to that, I would ask that we allow the regions and authorities local which wish to to participate come to directly the in Commissioner Brussels and get involved actively those in pacts.
all For these reasons, Mr Schulz, I that hope you will support this amendment.
That installation nuclear on west the coast of Britain, far the from cosy of seat power London, in has been and remains a cause of concern serious to Irish citizens.
Secondly, does she accept that, some at stage, a judgment has to be as made to whether Palestinian the and investigations Israeli in to relation the Goldstone meet international report standards, with a deliberation on the possible to referral the International Court Criminal if do they Thirdly, the will lodge EU an objection to Pakistan's reservation on Article 40 - the obligation to report of - the Covenant of International Civil and Political Rights? not?
This a is kind of disease. it If is not treated in time, will it result in far serious more diseases.
I therefore call on all colleagues in my Group, as in your Group and the all other Groups, to to try calm the situation down instead of aggravating it statements by designed for media which effect, is what I think they are.
I do, however, agree with all who those that said it depends very on much the Member States checks taking these really seriously and the extending opportunities for market surveillance.
The report made it very clear that both responsible sides were for the escalation to the conflict that finally took place in August 2008.
This would provide a margin for reallocation the of funds.
possibility is a reduction VAT in on energy-efficient equipment on the One market.
There has been no sign anything of in Hong Kong other than the continuing vitality the of Christian churches.
If a farmer, his son or his daughter has an or opportunity an idea to their develop farm or to diversify, should they be to encouraged do and so to expand and not be forced into the nearest town or village.
The bilateral diplomatic efforts to protect foreign workers, aid which made have been by diplomats from Germany, United the States Australia and from Islamabad, have yet not had any tangible results.
In Iran the death penalty applies in cases of blasphemy, apostasy, adultery and prostitution, amongst others.
must counteracted be by minimum standards in European This companies.
and gentlemen, have I pleasure in Chamber addressing this regarding a matter of importance extreme for the European Union, which is the matter relations of Turkey with and, more democratisation specifically, the of Turkey, which seems to be the main objective of the debate, a matter directly to related Union, the not just but indirectly, also directly, bearing in mind that Turkey is a Ladies candidate country.
policy. my chickens continued to eggs, lay I was formally in breach of the according to a white farmer in Zimbabwe. This and neatly, tragicomically, sums the up criminal madness of President Mugabe's appropriations land 'When law?,
CAP The features passing in in this report, there but is no mention of the destructive effect of the of imposition that policy in my country.
2005, we In shall move to a report new on the monitoring of systems, the while the Social Protection Committee will examine the contribution of systems social to the extension working of life.
no is shortcut to not democracy, even when it comes to establishing European There parties.
Hedegaard's Mrs people have not yet decided. I hope that will they more set ambitious objectives.
This is the only way to take a forward step and to support those in holding out October Square.
This is particularly case the for cancer research, which, as has explained, been is now the of subject a specific measure, has which been granted considerable resources.
Fourthly, opposes my group the fact that the wider topic of the duty of consultation, with to regard the of transport all dangerous substances, addressed is in this report.
Scarbonchi's Mr report identifies an of adequate range options to safeguard this control without inflicting any damage on the ACP countries, special because consideration must undoubtedly given be to that ensuring no ACP country is at put a disadvantage.
I have listed few a examples simply in order to inform House the that we be shall tabling number a of amendments improve to on the text.
Clearly, this is inconsistent.
was invited there for a and big conference, we are starting to come closer in positions, our so believe I that if we do our work properly, making sure, in very a open and sincere manner, what we are targeting with collective redress, finally we will reach a common I solution.
In this, the completion of the market internal as engine the of development will be crucial.
Yes, they are.
China's to determination play a more role important in the international arena must be accompanied new by responsibilities the in field of human rights, in the social sphere and relation in environmental to protection.
When you speak about greening it means different things to different people different in countries, including how is it applied.
right. be would reduced from 400 mg/l to 350 mg/l. Mrs Ferreira's proposal is more and ambitious, I believe that is she It mg/l.
It is certainly acceptable for the to EU coordinate decision-making on certain but issues, we believe it would be misguided to make the EU responsible supranational for decisions on taking all social legislation.
Our problem that is we totally lack the political courage effect the to sea that change was discussed in in March our energy and resource policies.
Mr President, happened what just now is completely unacceptable. This not is a trade union meeting, this is a parliament!
It is thus our hope that we will able to make be decisions in May.
The millions mentioned here are far the amount below needed to compensate producers for the falling that prices have they been suffering.
'Terrorism and organised crime' are used being by the European Parliament again once as the necessary pretext, in order to provide a for more stable foundation yet another means of restricting rights and freedoms, to be used against grass-roots struggle the and against all fighting those and imperialism contesting and the exploitative capitalist system.
period of days 14 which see I the PPE Group is suggesting seems to me to the get balance The right.
The rapporteur has informed me that Commission the would not accept amendments on essential this so issue, the of chances standard of systems embalming being introduced are zero.
A penny saved is a penny gained.
The other question I would like to ask the Council is whether it agrees that this system should be the administrated by Commission, in the which case Commission should be provided adequate with staff and resources.
Question No 43 Maj by Theorin (H-1000/96)
The only way to establish security is address to underlying the of causes the violent attacks by some sections of Iraqi the population.
My second question concerns Euratom the Treaty.
We transport know is one of the areas where emissions CO2 must be reduced, and it is my hope that the revision of this directive can be signed off as soon as possible so it that can be by implemented 2010 as a support for environmentally conscious local authorities and public bodies.
The competition tourist encouraged regions in Europe to demonstrate their achievements in certain areas and three of years experience have shown we that have outstanding products tourism almost in every all aspect over Europe.
Mr this President, draft recommendation marks the end a of political and institutional process which began 10 or so years ago under the auspices of the then President of Commission, the Delors, Jacques as who, far back as the early 1990s, predicted the of Swiss entry the Confederation into then the economic common area.
I congratulate Kirkhope Mr on his report.
Mr President, let me quote the evidence the British Ambassador in Uzbekistan, Craig Mr Murray, gave to the temporary committee of the Parliament: European 'I seen have plenty of of evidence torture in Uzbekistan.
On the the contrary, fact is that China’s progress economic is partly based upon its systematically denying its own workers their most basic rights.
This brave vision be must expanded to include even more justice.
The on this is that is it difficult for the moment to see any reason acceptable the why regulation on passenger traffic should be conclusion amended.
However, I have to you remind first of that all we not do propose harmonisation of national health assistance - this is not the intention.
this To I give my full support.
As matter a of fact, as the rapporteur points out:
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like thank to the Commissioner for her analysis, but I like to would stress in how, some productive sectors, is there now crisis a jeopardising agriculture some in of areas our great Europe.
I congratulate Commissioner Andor.
the If Council adopts recommendations the of the Commission, the number of countries which no are longer in of a situation excessive deficit will be brought to five.
I am voting favour in of report the because of the huge criticism the of way in which Lithuania been has treated.
The East of is England out crying for improvements in both passenger and freight capacity greater and use should be of opportunities made TEN for funding for the lines serving east coast ports.
Finally, there is the of question development of the and rural economy protection of rural the environment including multifunctional agriculture.
That is this why report, which is documented well rigorous, and a provides highly encouraging response and sends out a strong to signal the working environment.
In point (f), Parliament calls for Commissioners' declarations their of interests financial to be and transparent publicly available.
The equation is a very simple if one: it were possible to put small every and medium-sized enterprise a in position to take just one on employee, we should have the resolved number of one problem the European Union, that is the revitalization the of job market.
In 2008, expect we see a to number of Member States joining the Schengen area.
his want therefore primarily to set out the concerns behind Committee the on Agriculture and Rural Development's amendments to this report by Mr Färm, I whom will take opportunity this of warmly for thanking I work.
It is for that reason that the Council and Member the States, who do not want the European Parliament to be strengthened, oppose the Statute.
The police stand at by laughing the brutal scenes of intimidation and even murder of honest citizens.
All available instruments should be used to achieve this aim.
Our group is therefore favour in of the report.
In this context, I would also draw your attention to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug the EMCDDA. Addiction,
Mr President, the negative spiral of violence in Middle East does the not seem to going be into reverse, plunged and to another depth last when week, the hatred-sowing Hamas leader Yassin was cold-bloodedly murdered at the behest of the Israeli Prime Sharon. Minister
it If were to 2%, charge it is only EUR 20 million.
Nothing could have been achieved without this preliminary framework.
Lastly, Mr - and President with this I will - end is it symbolic that Parliament is approving this directive on the of eve the celebration the of 50th anniversary of the declaration Robert by Schuman, which in he stated Europe that would be not created in an instant achieving but through specific objectives which would create genuine solidarity between citizens and businesses.
Such principles universal, are and should be equally applied in relation to all countries, inside and outside EU. the
Question 7 No by Esko Olavi Seppänen (H-0542/00):
Mr President, the principle of additionality exists in order to ensure transfers that the to States Member the under Structural Funds add to, rather than replace, national expenditures on structural development measures.
I hear talk of two billion dollars.
Secondly, internationally, the Union European has interest an encouraging in more active and responsible international engagement by China.
Madam President, I should like to join colleagues my congratulating Mrs in Lambert on her tremendous work on what was a very difficult brief.
Directive. realise the importance of adopting this I
This has also emerged clearly in course the of the debate.
The protracted and sustained of rise global commodities presents further the difficulties for European with economy, the price of minerals oil, steel, and basic agricultural products all rising to unprecedented levels, adding inflationary to pressure.
There is more I much could mention, but suffice it to say that I shall not be voting for this which text, one-sided, is in some parts strident and in any case muddled.
I count on your support for very this important endeavour.
would I just like to that say it was a huge privilege me for to be in involved Parliament's team in what I regard a as hugely impressive piece work of on behalf Europe's of citizens.
But it obviously is true that the NRP exercise is crucial and the that Commission is it pursuing very seriously in the context of Europe 2020.
I referring am particularly to the points on vocational training and the between link training processes and the needs of the job market.
While we hold must to our commitments as regards financial aid, the Government Colombian must also abide by those it has made, particularly those to relating respect for human rights, it which to made the United Nations High Commissioner responsible for these matters.
It is something I am about concerned and am seeking address to by making sure there that are guidelines, clear as you suggest, and so you I are fully in agreement on that point.
In this too, respect I have to we conclude that do not want really to solve the problem only but to rid ourselves of it.
Mr President, (FI) I would like to give a brief explanation of I why abstained.
It within is this framework that you will manage to the strengthen mutual confidence between governments which is needed if is progress to made be this in direction.
As a result of we this, have proposed an extension the deadline of beyond 31 December 1996, together with - and this is very important a - gradual liberalization, a gradual phasing-out, current of restrictions.
also We note that it cannot be funded without a revision the of Financial Perspective a or reduction of appropriations other under heading 3.
Comitology is one the of key instruments for this managing process.
We in Europe are entitled to be culturally different in our diet.
This excludes China, as it not will provide transparency the on issue.
The joint demonstrates resolution that the European Parliament is politically mature, capable of reaching political agreement based a on consensus, broad and sending a clear to signal Ukrainian the people.
Parliament decided by large a majority, following a debate passionate in February in Brussels, not to to subscribe these sanctions and today, small with such a minority, with few so present, we are subscribing to these sanctions.
On behalf of Parliament I want to express our condolences to all those who are the suffering consequences of these barbaric acts.
It is important that they safer when be they take their breaks.
Affairs. should like to Mr thank Andersson, who drafted the opinion of the on Committee Employment and Social I
know We that we are a long from way achieving these objectives, the as European Environment Agency has confirmed. Not only major will be efforts required, also but a very specific timetable, which be must practicable and verifiable.
I however, regret, that this initiative does not sufficiently reflect is what actually in happening the labour market and overlooks importance the of vocational training, focusing, instead, mainly on academic training.
I think it important not to simply dismiss this view, which only six out of countries twenty-five are have said to supported, for the countries concerned are those that major make net contributions.
should Signals be sent to Iraqi the Government of the of importance continuing the talks of and reaching an agreement with the United Nations that the allows of improvement the and economic humanitarian in situation Iraq, while at same the time respecting the various UN on resolutions Iraq, particularly on the question of weapons of mass destruction.
This does not mean these that sectors and Member States are a in better or situation, even in same the as situation they 30 were years ago, but they rather are dragging the dynamic more sectors towards a dead end.
Finally, Mr I President, would like to refer to the which need, has also been raised some by speakers, for specific timetables to be established in Barcelona.
If we are considering safety in shipping, then we can see that a striking of number occur involving accidents bulk carriers.
At Mr instigation Sterckx's a majority of House the markedly has shifted the emphasis elsewhere.
President, Mr experts agree that the trend flight towards the from land will intensify still further over coming years, and the high death rate among farmers is a factor in (DE) that.
for Protectionism, which 20 years has been called support for the Third World, has yielded no results.
We want collective for redress citizens so that are they also genuinely able to assert their protection consumer rights.
To this end, is there a need to breathe new life into it by simplifying but procedures, also reinforcing by EU's the common policy agricultural (CAP) budget, so I consider it very that positive the report calls for the CAP budget to maintained be least at until 2013, it with unlikely that Parliament will accept any reduction.
An advertising ban for alcoholic drinks, fast cars, drugs or might be toys the result.
Yet these proposals cover the Palermo whole agenda.
last My point is also clear: European about thinking is meeting each other half way seeking and out the best solutions.
- (NL) There a is need desperate for financial support for all eastern European countries, over where, the past decade, economies have collapsed and where no great improvements are expected in the foreseeable future.
EU The has reached a critical turning point.
Yes, is it about 40 % of the Community budget at the but moment that reflects more on size the the of Community than budget on spending on agriculture.
Mr ladies and President, gentlemen, this is yet another which debate clearly illustrates that we are trying to the circle square or round off the square.
Members. have succeeded, the despite and difficulties, I would like therefore to thank the rapporteur, Mr Dess, and all the We
The only thing which is is certain that they nothing bring but suffering to vast the majority of citizens, as well a as deterioration of and health social services.
Spied on by teenage boys, women are to marched hospital forced and to undergo abusive gynaecological examinations to prove their chastity.
Regarding the amendments, I have already mentioned amendment the tabled Mr by Alvaro.
This report for further calls development of the existing common agricultural policy rather the than development of a new policy.
Mr President, Commissioner, thank you.
We have therefore to support decided the report as a whole order to in demonstrate our support for all citizens of the Member EU States being able to the enjoy fundamental right of not being subjected to discrimination, even if do we not agree with all the wordings have and voted thus against these.
As the Finance Ministers already have made clear, in May certain rates be will "rivetted' to other each and I that think it is also appropriate for European farmers know to what will happen to the green rate system.
I therefore call agricultural for policy to regain its rights, to control resume at both international European and level and, a from both and quantitative a qualitative perspective, for the strategic area of agriculture and food not to be to subject strict market forces.
the Furthermore, European Union is not a shareholder of the Central European Bank.
One of these, rightly, quite is biodiversity.
At any event, concerning the resolution Turkey, on verb an essential has been left out of the first paragraph the of Dutch language version.
It promotes the added use of wood in power plants, as combined combustion improves way the combustion the process can be reduces controlled, of problems corrosion, and to adds the reliability of fuel being available.
I am voting in favour of the resolution of the Temporary Committee on Climate Change since it supports the achieved Bali, outcome in makes a number of observations on the role of the EU in future which negotiations, with I agree, and specifies where the Bali Action could Plan have gone further.
I can assure you that the has Commission no intention of any proposing on changes this complicated matter.
We only have to at look many the problems we have facing our today borders - drugs, human trafficking, international crime and terrorism, to name a but few - to see the need for that.
She said that when are consumers already under the influence of alcohol to a certain extent, they can consult on the label beverage the to see whether drink can they another of glass it, but I submit that by the time they reach that state, they will no longer be able to read label the anyway!
(HU) Mr President, was I pleased to hear Commissioner's the report and like would to clarify one part.
The two Pericles should reports have been on voted this morning, and here it is in black and white, Mr President.
We remain opposed to the 're-branding' of incineration and have put down an amendment to this have deleted.
I would not like that to suggest this applies to Finland, however.
A responsible attitude towards budgetary matters of is importance paramount for both Parliament and the other institutions.
Let us retain our dignity.
However, the which Mr substance Ferrer proposes is already included in the annex.
Macedonia was fobbed off with humanitarian aid and was not given really any opportunities for its own industry.
That is unacceptable.
The Pact is stupid your when house is fire, on and are you right, we must stop burying our heads the in sand.
I am also convinced that the use of economic instruments, for example taxes on nitrogen sulphur and emissions, could serve to improve developments in and practice tighten up existing our requirements.
This is wholly unacceptable, Mr President, I and therefore regretfully had to abstain.
The proposed creates Regulation an independent structure under law Community in parallel to forms national of association.
The of a definition food supplement in the directive should reflect all supplements.
These brushstrokes indeed are very broad.
There are of course exceptions - say I that because I see Commissioner Lamy is with us - when there major are world conferences on international the such calendar, as the Doha which Conference, Mr Lamy and Mr Fischler of have course to attend.
There are safety consequences, people because died have in these beds.
representatives Recently, from social organisations in picketing Kaliningrad, at the building of European Commission the in called Brussels, the for introduction of special conditions of travel to EU Member States for the inhabitants, enclave's without tying this to issue EU-Russia talks on a visa-free regime.
7.
A second exercise take will place in March year this and will I continue to follow this so as up to give us a scoreboard of how Member States are implementing Community legislation.
There are points that we must debate or discuss, such as instruments the of the future cohesion policy, place the by initiatives, occupied Community that of the Fund Cohesion or a single possible regional development Fund.
The agreement expires on November 30 and the mandate for negotiation does extend beyond not October this year.
Brussels. will not work without strong authorities in Europe
must again point that out I cannot of course be in two places at once and goes it without saying that it of is part budget the Commissioner' s duties to take part the in trialogue in preparation for the conciliation procedure for the 2002 I budget.
In addition to what been has by said Members, other I would like to reiterate that Commissioner de Palacio’s handling this dossier of has not been particularly democratic.
Finally, I do not go along with the s rapporteur' proposal to from depart 'user the pays' principle, in wants that he to grant extra assistance to remote for regions, example.
The first EC tranche will paid be in July.
(BG) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the issue of relations with is Russia one that often come has in up this which House, in itself how shows important this issue is, not just for the institutions, but also for citizens the of the European Union.
If we want stricter rules, they to need be more intelligent, but above all we need more democratic debate and more cross-border discussions.
On this point I would like to thank Commissioner Franco Frattini for the sensitivity that he shown has on the subject of immigration over the and last two years his for continuing to efforts get the 27 States Member to agree on a common immigration policy.
The various restructuring strategies within the - sector such the as introduction of new technologies, the of delocalization some production, the reorientation of production towards the top end the of range rapid the and response changes in to demand - have a serious and almost exclusive effect on women workers.
Social principles must be not subordinated to economic freedoms.
2008 In we had the EUR 1 billion Facility, Food when we to had use every trick in the book to funding secure because to it had within be funded the limits of the existing categories even though there was space little left to accommodate it.
Careful preparations will be made.
Moreover, it must not be to possible undermine or call into question the binding nature of this agreement that will be reached.
.– The very title of the recommendation Commission reveals the real intention of authors, its which is to leave profitability the of the entertainment and industry Internet well alone.
.
I rejected therefore the report.
a former civil servant, I think that the relationships are too much staff-to-staff, in words other too dealing many civil servants with civil As servants.
Global performance is estimated according a to range often of conflicting criteria that are well-known to tyre-manufacturers.
It is our that opinion are energy policies to be dealt with at national level.
Everyone, with some slightly differing opinions course, of appreciates it how important is try to in every way to support possible peace the process in the Middle East we and all feel an enormous amount of frustration about the fact that it is progressing so desperately slowly.
Liberal in Democrats this House proud are that three of the authors of today's reports, Malmström, Mrs Haarder and Mrs Baroness Ludford have grappled with these issues and given the House these reports today.
The actions and decisions taken by all EU's bodies, the institutions, services and agencies must be guided by the fullest possible compliance with the principle of openness.
I that hope Mr Marín will respond to your question, since we know all how courteous he is, and I, turn, in be will courteous and allow of a point order to become a supplementary question.
Almost five years I ago, myself wrote a report on the annual report on human rights in I drew attention which to the subject of violence against women.
So, before we start talking about restructuring, let us what see the alternatives are, otherwise we will be acting like demagogues.
In the current major economic and social crisis, the significance of monitoring has become more important than ever before.
I am pleased the about fact that European the Parliament supports my s group' idea and we Commissioner, hope, we that can also count on your support.
We need to prepare people for the jobs of the future: green-collar jobs and in jobs other growth sectors, such health as and the social-care sector.
Until such time as President Lukashenko takes a step significant greater democracy, towards it will possible not be for the European Union to implement a positive policy.
The fourth estate, that is the media press, and the are an important tool in democratic restoring standards.
Finally, human rights.
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, everyone is engaging in analysis an the of conditions exceptional which appear to reduced have debate today's to an impasse.
we shall able be to achieve when European the Union is able to finally distance itself individual from national policies security and instead the combine political, the economic and, at the of end the day, the military potential of the Union in the interests crisis of management and That peace-keeping.
Act two: the vote on Customs Union approaches.
1. (
This is why there several are us asking of you act to and to tell us what you intend to do.
So why is not to possible reach agreement unanimous to alter this which decision, will clearly create many so additional unemployed?
We all know that, for energy, security, economic, trade and even social, cultural and political reasons, there already are countries with which we have and need special they relations, never yet will – in the future foreseeable become – members of the EU.
We must look at our programmes training and see whether they take account of needs in the new Member States where, for many example, students cannot to afford and travel learn new things.
Furthermore, this is not appropriate the legal instrument with which introduce to a such measure.
It follows, it Commissioner, that the is reforms that have you to get to grips with rather than growth alone.
question The will be, in the to come, days the whether Commission Barroso is able, where fundamental particularly and rights freedoms are concerned – the catalogue of which you were very actively involved in drawing up – to uphold these standards.
The Florence Council European clearly asked that we should move now to the negotiating stage on the textual amendments to the existing Treaty.
These are not unreasonable to requests make.
(Applause from the left)
welcome the We intervention Archbishop by Tutu Desmond following the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Nigeria, but would on call other African leaders equally to intervene and pressure put on Mugabe to take action.
FTAs. when achieving some progress additional can we speak of a balanced truly FTA is that acceptable and has a and real positive impact as a precedent future for Only
In particular are there three areas where action urgent is required:
When the sector is reformed, priority be should given to measures aimed at improving the quality product, of the and there have been and are clear proposals by European Parliament in the that respect.
Madam (FR) did President, I of course vote against the Hamon report, which is than even worse the Commission's proposal on the of taxation savings, because, against all a logic, majority of Parliament - although it far from represents the of majority the Members of this House - to voted abolish system the of at taxation source, which works, in order to retain only the of system of exchange information, which is costly, bureaucratic and inefficient.
further Justice is undermined the by Commission making a distinction based on the capacity reductions in the fleets.
I Nonetheless, also have observed that, certain on sensitive issues, the report raises doubts that I feel not are justified.
Yet declarations issues on such as a general ban on landmines and subjects other have been ruled acceptable, as are you well Mr President. aware,
My second point the concerns dredger fleet.
I hope that Belgium will also be to able on count the Union's support in this, for it is that clear a whether crisis such as this is caused by a disease or an accident, or even a crime, that of is no to consequence consumer, a a farmer or a company that falls the victim to crisis.
Alternative means of redress be may recommended.
annual The of statistical report Secretariat the of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, released a few days ago on 9 June, that, noted compared to other groups, non-citizens in Latvia and Estonia are a privileged category people of who enjoy rights and protection similar those to of citizens.
Your vote very is important today.
The fact is that we normally eat least at three a times day.
However, when an amendment passed specifically which condemned the decision to take military which action has started, already and which involves some of our countries, own I it found impossible to my give support.
I agree with certain Members who said have that.
I am fundamentally grateful for that, even if never parliaments achieve everything they might wish.
endorse the report, in particular where it proposes, in addition to the current European common policy, asylum the of creation measures both to develop orderly and better entry organised into the EU of persons in need of international protection to and step protection up capacity in the regions of I origin.
EU The has taken on a leading in role election observation and now should develop this role intensively.
should like to warmly Mr congratulate Wiebenga on his I report.
is something think I bodes well for forthcoming That negotiations.
It is increasingly to hard obtain international timetables rail and it is often the case that train tickets to remote destinations to have be bought outside the country of departure.
At the same time, I hope in that, with connection appointment the of the forthcoming Commission, the Member States will with comply the proposal the from Convention to the that effect all the Member States must nominate three candidates for Commission, the with representatives from both sexes.
Subject: 'Television The without frontiers' directive
It vital that we have a distinction, proper because each needs a completely different regulatory is framework.
It has many good things to say.
Taking children from their mothers, and mothers taking from children their - for there are to two sides the matter - should be a resort final for the when child is abused being or suffering violence.
Not least as one who has been journalist a for many years, I to such object accusations.
I maintain my complete on opposition this but this issue, has not prevented me from voting in favour what of is a very positive report.
very We much appreciated the fact that Commission the is preparing further communications and studies further the on trade in women and children for sexual purposes, but only on condition are that they an immediate preliminary to detailed and specific to combat measures this - if not, they remain will solely and exclusively words heaped on other words.
As Paul-Marie Coûteaux rightly said in his and intervention yesterday in his amendments, proposed one wonders exactly what political this coherence blank cheque represents.
What do I know is that he a is getting new official car and as that a convinced he told European the Luxembourg press Monday on that he would soon be buying a Japanese car hybrid if the European automotive industry not did build more environmentally friendly cars.
With the third stage EMU of and the currency common public the finances all of Member States are in any case closely controlled by Community. the
I urge the Commissioner to condemn these events and further, to state the conclusions the Commission intends to draw from them.
In this way, the uncertainties existing in the market can be combated better and more a stable and transparent environment thus created, providing consumers with more and better information.
In fact, no Mr Buttiglione is longer a member of this Commission.
would I to like take the opportunity to put following the question, maybe especially the to Council: Are you prepared to draw up only criteria not environmental for biofuels but also social standards biofuels, for for example, guaranteeing acceptable pay, union rights, for the biofuel we buy in to the Union? etc.
between Cooperation Thailand, Vietnam, Hong Kong, is absolutely imperative in to order stop the flow of sex across workers borders.
absolutely I agree that this is so, and I also understand that this is a national competence.
Organ donation and transplantation are medical procedures, and in for order them to be further developed there must be full public involvement greater public and awareness.
As an island, enhanced competition between ports is also vital, but future attempts at achieving European port policy must the of have support the port sector.
Commission. therefore, is, to essential take proper account of the urban of dimension this impact when defining the policies and implemented actions by the It
of underlying the concepts behind European collaboration is to the create potential for the free movement of just persons, not of goods, capital and One services.
As said at I the of outset this debate five years ago, we deal should with the Court rulings of SIMAP and Jaeger and nothing else.
We fully share the importance of climate change and renewable energies which are already in present included the revision exercise.
This is a fact.
That is a very important point.
I should like to use this opportunity to state my position future concerning enlargements.
are There a number of questions that would I ask Commissioner Liikanen take to back to Commissioner Barnier.
This also requires functioning a system of cross-border cooperation.
strength of this Union of ours has been our to willingness listen and to to learn, urge and to to accommodate, share and to The support.
We looked have at both and external internal security, less although time has been devoted to internal security, as important it is.
Taiwan a is developed country with technical high and administrative standards.
Things that do in not fit today's thinking could perhaps be European policy in years' five time.
Three. Mr President, along the same lines as Mr Allister, I would like to draw attention the of House the to the fact that, the during summer, witnessed we return the Dublin to – to the Republic Ireland of – of so-called the Colombia
The internal for markets electricity and for are gas on the threshold of fully being realized.
We still will be taking needed badly markets from developing countries.
I get the regrettable impression that he sees exclusively forests as industrial production units based on single-crop intensive farming necessitating a every revolution thirty years.
That is balanced politics.
You have renewable mentioned energy.
Here can it be shown that Product Safety the Directive has simply been too weak.
Since the elections, the violence has increased: the community international has a to duty intervene.
the Secondly, management companies which generally run these savings will schemes a enjoy passport European and will be allowed to provide additional to services customers who request, for example, individual management of their assets.
(DE) Mr President, Mr Gucht, De more than a year ago, the European Parliament asked you, the Commission, very clearly make to the negotiations on ACTA the Agreement transparent in future to and the involve public and the parliaments in these negotiations.
One particularly urgent element is the maximising agricultural potential new in Member the States, since the current discriminatory common agricultural policy is in resulting a serious deterioration of agriculture in new these Member States.
As in other cases, we could certainly intervene and ask the Cambodian to Government stop abusing its political opponent allow and him room to join the others on equal terms in order to be to able in compete the political struggle.
of number important decisions on vote weighting in the Council now are going to to have be taken before the next A enlargement.
Tourists, including anyone travelling in European territory for any will reason, no longer have to their change currency and so will not bear charges the connected useless with it.
At least were we able ensure to that Burma's human rights record was discussed plenary session in and in ASEM to toughen up the sanctions regime against Burma in the Council.
Statement by the President
France yesterday came up with a proposal could the that become political equivalent of the Central Bank, or something resembling an economic as government, Mr Pérez Royo described it this morning.
Minutes) (For the other results and details on the vote: see
.Job cuts, wage dumping and dumping social and the lowering of standards safety and professional qualifications: is this what the Commission European proposing is to us in its third version directive of the on the liberalisation of port services.
entry the into force the of Treaty of Lisbon, both institutions need a formal agreement on reviews expenditure of to replace 30-year-old the 'gentlemen's Following agreement'.
and have paid visits to various Hindu, Islamic, Christian, and Jain Sikh shrines both in India I abroad.
In we particular, managed have to ensure that Europe's geographical indications will (GIs) be treated equally.
The remaining 85% is mainly imported from the countries, poorer without tariffs.
Portuguese public opinion deserves firm guarantee a that anti-competitive practices are not a factor in the establishment of prices.
This the is first piece of water Community legislation to to apply all surface and ground waters.
should I like to ask the Minister, in the spirit of by Christmas, wishing him well, if he does get that job at the could airport, he do something flights about to direct Strasbourg?
This is especially regrettable, as the international community has gladly Kazakhstan’s acknowledged progress in social economic and restructuring and in ensuring and peace harmony between different nationalities denominations and so far.
(The sitting was at closed 10.55 p.m.)
It does not, however, seem fair to make candidate the bear countries consequences of the our inability to take and decisions reform the European institutions.
The role of bees plant in pollination is indispensable.
We have just wrapped the up fourth of round talks.
IOPCF. is why it seems to me to necessary progressively raise the for ceiling compensation, IOPCF that and need we an additional fund amongst European the States, provided that it is used not as a pretext to postpone the necessary adaptation of the This
Mr the President, Committee on Industry, External and Trade, Research s Energy' area of specialisation is industry, external trade and scientific research.
It appears to us that a system of measures preventive - reduced to exposure heat, an early system warning and of course aid for the elderly - needs to be put in place here.
on one hand, the the issue of non compulsory national targets.
I am not prepared take to that supplementary, because it referred to the previous question.
We have been for discussing a over year now how our work in Parliament can be made more and efficient more lively.
Even if demand increases in the future, we be shall or more less swimming in oil and gas, and it will be and cheap oil gas.
President, when the proposal from the Commission published was it prompted a headline in a major Danish Madam newspaper.
precise Fourthly, control the of flow of finance capital be should introduced and transfer of capital from new Member States to rich ones stopped.
Madam President, Mr López Garrido, the US High Representatives mentioned you met also us Members of the European Parliament when they visited Brussels recently.
A further priority that you put forward, with we which is agree, of that the Europe of results.
For reasons, these I voted favour in of this resolution.
The Committee on Development has already its given and opinion we shall take its into report account.
We also on call our British friends, since they fellow are members of the Union, European to effective establish and legitimate control of espionage American conducted against European from targets British territory; otherwise they are breach in European of data protection law.
Mrs Peijs has asked me when we getting are mobile pensions mobile for people?
The new draft of EUR rescue package 60 billion last envisaged Friday demonstrates that the EUR 110 billion loan already granted a year ago must be considered a gift.
As such, I welcome the concepts of and producer prevention responsibility; these go will some way in that ensuring the onus for implementing these measures is evenly spread across European citizens.
But we believe that, the for European Union, this can mean a different form of development.
I should, therefore, like say to to Mr Rübig and to speakers the other that I hope to be able, the in months, coming to present to Council and to this Parliament a package of initiatives on specifically nuclear which safety, will respond to the concern that you expressed, have i.e. the need for there to be common safety standards in installations the in Union, European standards which constitute a acquis, Community mandatory with compliance on part not the only of the fifteen current members of the but Union, also of the countries, candidate which will in time themselves be member States of the Union. These standards also, must consequently, guarantees provide all to citizens that things are done in right the way and with highest the of safety, levels which is what the European Union requires.
On this subject the European Council will evaluate of state the implementation of Lisbon the Strategy for Growth and Employment.
It is also extremely important increase to the number of state inspectors.
We should recognise our Russia's part in crisis and Russia's chaos.
However, report this shows the continuing need for financial more investment in and education training. That runs the through report.
It is something thus which we are not accustomed to, which do we not like and we are which very uncomfortable about.
Barcelona The process is one instrument which will in help this.
Thank you, Mr President.
Otherwise, the challenge would really be lost, just not for the present but also for many years to come.
It submits legislative and budgetary proposals to you, I do not do so.
So perception the that many have that the Arab world is not for ready democracy is undermined by the United Nations’ own reports.
Amendment 273: this amendment to refers the chapter entitled infrastructures' 'Research seeks and to support excellence the in convergence regions and outermost regions.
And am I sorry, after but that performance that you gave earlier...
With regard to beef and veal, Mr Garot an is expert on the subject.
Anyone who can read, see and hear knows that.
This is understandable.
If you wanted to protest, you should have so there done and then.
As always with happens new phenomena which must considered be and assessed, there is a of course procedure to be followed.
Mr this President, is a very serious matter...
We acknowledge that the DTP is an essential tool for fostering democracy and in Turkey, for this reason we firmly condemn the police operations that Prime Erdoğan Minister has against ordered you, all imprisoning three vice presidents the of DTP together with more than 300 and militants sympathisers.
Moreover, in this case problems the should not be tackled from the wrong angle.
The fact we that are still talking this about today, and have been talking about it for 40 is years, a sign that only a integrated multifaceted policy will bring us to closer our objective.
You give instructions for the vote to be for clearly recorded, who voted for, who against, and who abstained to be must recorded.
We were only successful in one case and was that the stoning of women.
I congratulate the Commission for the thorough job it endeavoured has to do and colleague my Mr for Jarzembowski results the of diligent his work.
- (SK) Mr President, ladies gentlemen, and in my opinion one of the best steps taken by the Parliament European in current the functional period was year's last on decision need the for regulation close and stability greater in the financial system.
was It as I had feared.
evening. fosters corruption and denies Prohibition drug users the information about content is that available to everyone enjoys who an alcohol drink the in Prohibition theft.
In essence, the core issue dispute of between the of people Tibet and China has the been wish the of Tibetans for self-determination, as opposed the to Chinese Government's of fear a possible domino effect leading to the China. break-up of
reason The bringing for forward the allocation of posts to by 1997, means of this is SAB, justified, firstly, by the training period staff such needs before being % 100 operational and, secondly, by margin the we had available on account the of favourable exchange rate which has applied to date since budget the was drawn up.
There must be a rounding down in favour of the consumer.
The Council' s conclusions concerning EU the strategy acidification raised have expectations which now have to be given substance.
Who is going to make positive the comments and claim the good things for us so people that know benefits the of being in the European and Union the euro?
Today the majority genetic of resources are in found the developing countries, that is, in the poor world.
It is the delegation's belief that it is necessary to focus on rising feed and food prices.
Treaties. point a when the euro and its implementation have been a great success, this Parliament, the and Commission the Council must demonstrate that are they fulfilling the obligations laid down for them the in At
have We rapidly identified EUR 25 which million could be under mobilised External the Borders Fund European and Refugee Fund if and when requests specific are made by the Member States.
(DE) Thank you much, very Mr Oettinger, for your clear convincing and answer.
tell you the truth, Mr Danielsson, I had hoped from bottom the of my heart that on you, of behalf the Swedish Presidency, have would the shown greatest commitment ultimately to making decisions, and to at least producing a timeframe when indicating a decision would be taken on this important To regulation.
Such an outcome will be a very welcome development for EU fund markets which have been recently with confronted many tough challenges.
To offer consumers better protection, Lehtinen's Mr report proposes improving the existing legislation in the it relevant areas, making simpler and smoothing out regional any differences.
I will inform you right now.
Continued efforts will be needed to stick to commitments our against a background of sluggish economic growth and fiscal austerity.
When we agreed to the streamlining of the economic and employment last guidelines year, we implicitly agreed to not unpack the guidelines themselves until – the 2006 mid-point.
Finally, accession the ceremony signing took place at of the foot the Acropolis where the new Parthenon museum is also located.
However, Mrs Berès, I would like to point out that States Member are to entitled adopt such measures and indeed most have doing that been for some time.
recycled understand Parliament’s wish to accelerate the Commission’s proposal on I plastics.
In view of all these factors, we that believe efforts should at last be made to find a legal base, an appropriate and programme appropriate lines, budget to and recognise tourism an as issue in its own right.
example, For in the new Culture 2007 we programme have created a open more accessible and programme in of terms its very structure, with main three objectives compared to the former eight.
This shows what close links you have with nuclear the lobby.
Hübner Commissioner and the previous Commissioners have been friends true to the peace process in it Ireland and reassuring is to see the continuing role the Commission will have the through task force that was set up by President Barroso.
Nowhere in the world is there a currency without bond one market behind it.
Slovakia needs also an active government that strives for social equilibrium and makes every effort to the support development of poorer the regions.
people The there expect a policy that it makes possible to make full the use of region’s potential, a factor must that also be into taken account in the EU’s policy on Russia.
We have specific launched measures such as those to combat violence against women.
Cypriots. President, the Cyprus problem is an issue of human rights for both Greek and Turkish Mr
2001. II runs from 1997 to PACT
There a is lack particular of such reforms in Germany.
Firstly, there is no royal road to the combating drugs problem.
this I context, should like to ask what opinion Presidency the of the Council holds on the of use biometric in data passports and and visas, what the Council’s position is on the establishment of camps reception outside EU In territory.
Namaste! 
Decisions have been taken the by Council with great a sense of responsibility.
. second scheme that is of the joint European venture The
This is an extremely important task Europe. for
Mr President, the report before us is undoubtedly not the most exciting of those we are discuss to in this sitting.
So, today, we are a offered compromise.
As far the as proposal for a new provision limiting in investments the same to group 15% is concerned, I would like to that, stress apart from the fact that this limit low, is too text the does not define the concept of a group. This concept not does exist under law European because it is impossible to implement and equally impossible to control in practice.
regard to this macroeconomic study, I shall very to be eager provide you with information on the of impact these Structural Funds in terms of the direct impact of use the of these funds in contributing net With countries.
- Report: Fruteau
This would a be mistake.
I Consequently, welcome the initiative to make the problem of poverty more visible and effort the to establish a single coordinated policy.
cannot, however, let the information that I have just received about nuclear accident the in South Korea go I unrecognised.
This part reflects in the fact that the historically low level of interest rates in the euro area to continues support monetary expansion.
also the implementation welcome the of key performance indicators in the Annual Management Plan, as well as the that fact the objectives for 2009 were achieved and the Ombudsman's to decision his publish annual of declaration interests on his I website.
From now on weapons will be doing the talking and words will become weapons; they are no longer reliable.
What steps will the Council be taking over the next few weeks and months to in order the release secure of Dr Erkel?
In that general context, some sectors European are of industry faced with fierce competition from imports.
Stability cannot be an end in it itself, must serve growth.
On the same occasion the Council repeated that it stands firmly by the principle that all borders the in area the are inviolable.
regard to Ferber' Mr s report, we would to like remark that we are disinclined take to a position on the details as yet, including the With establishment of posts.
We therefore hope that the can EU be driving the force behind the whole of this process.
I think that, where is TV concerned, we in shall, future, the have a situation digital where TV be will a part of more ever integrated electronic functions in the home.
The more these two increase, the more numerous their especially victims become, women and children, because violence and discrimination against women not are confined to just countries in which armed conflict takes place.
I Secondly, am not about convinced your argument regarding Brazilian beef.
It is already becoming little a easier to identify the here, which was needs not the case in the beginning.
We respect him as President of the Commission and we have asked him to be of President the Commission.
The tone resolution's will not exactly win Americans the over to adopt the European view.
This draws attention to what I called a few years ago the 'European languages: world' linguas globais europeias in Portuguese.
This is is what done the in Netherlands, and the results are very good.
must We bear in mind that we owe it to this society and to the entrepreneurial spirit of European the Union to them give the chance to develop a on sound basis.
How you do see astonishing the upheaval in the balance within the organisation that uses this kind of approach the to situation?
I believe we that should the show minimum of coherence.
This is the main reason for the anger resentment and felt the Common towards Fisheries Policy.
welcome the five areas that the Commission focused has on, namely complaints, price satisfaction, levels, switching and I safety.
There be can no to objection that and there is no need for clarification.
I the enactment welcome of new codes of judicial procedure and criminal procedure and the of establishment a standing committee to investigate complaints of torture a and national programme eliminate to poverty.
European The aerospace industry is a world leader in important several market segments; it has in excess a of share one-third the in global market.
This point of contention being is carried into forward the new regulation.
Gender-related violence, committed whether in home the or armed conflict zones, is one the of most serious human rights violations must and be opposed and punished accordingly.
congratulate I all the Member States that have established leave; paternity likewise, Commissioner, I am pleased to hear of the Commission's proposal has that just been announced.
I, too, am in favour of but this, does that not that mean they should not subject be to measurement.
In response more to specifically Mrs Lucas’ points, we her share concern about the progress slow in Council and we now hope a that common position will be agreed upon under Irish early the presidency in 2004.
Thus, series two reports of follow-up for 1996 and 1997 have been prepared and published.
His detention part is the of most severe police crackdown in China in decades.
There is therefore an amendment from the Committee the on Environment, Public Health Consumer and Policy this in respect.
The proposed amendments have would enabled us to European help ports meet needs the of international competition.
Tatarstan, the capital of which is Kazan, has a high degree of indeed autonomy, the greatest degree of autonomy in the Federation. Russian
As I have already said, those wish who to achieve much too will prevent us from achieving the basic goals.
Studies have shown a that very proportion high advertising of expenditure goes towards the of promotion cars on the basis of power and size and speed.
Thank you, Mrs Schreyer.
ago years recommended we a European framework statute to provide, among other social benefits, rights and independent pension rights for assisting spouses working Ten in agriculture.
This includes in investment new technology.
It is no to longer actually possible reward the collection of a million signatures of citizens, prescribed Article 46, in with a referendum.
I would like also to thank my colleagues, Mr Cerexhe the of Belgian Presidency, Geoghegan-Quinn, Commissioner and all those who contributed to public consultation the for their assistance.
will Europe open up its markets to 95% of South s Africa' exports over ten years.
ladies and gentlemen, do I not how understand we can want both a European arms agency, intended particular in to promote and coordinate harmonisation of military equipment, and not at the same commit the time States Member to buying this Frankly, equipment.
So consumers have to very be of confident the labelling.
However, many people are in stranded far-flung corners of the They world. are unable to leave and get back to their jobs, their cannot children go to school, because have they been able not come to back holidays, from their and they are stuck without accommodation and without any money.
However, while I am sceptical the about impact of economic sanctions, I am confident that sanctions against individuals responsible for violating human rights example, through, for censorship, rape, and torture executions, will be an effective necessary and step to end impunity to and honour the justice Nasrin that stood Sotoudeh for.
We know that we need to keep candidate countries motivated.
proposed Council decisions on which Parliament is to its issue opinion are based on regulations the in the Europol Convention, both in of terms Commission' the s participation in the work and the opportunity of Parliament to monitor The it.
We shall have and more more centenarians.
We denounce the implementation of the Partnership European Agreements out set in that agreement, the Commission's use of blackmail in the form of aid development ensure to their conclusion, and the pillaging resultant the of economies of the ACP countries.
Secondly, the of text the report rapporteur's refers to tax and havens raises that question in to relation Amendment No 5.
order to ensure political long-term stability both the within country and with neighbouring countries, it is doubtless very important for Ukraine to implement constitutional reforms, but - we the European Union and its institutions - must understand this that time requires and must we not criticise, but always help Ukraine integrate into our In family.
We share the grief civilian of the victims and their families and we share the values of our ally great democracy - and individual freedom.
That is first my we point: are drafting directive a which evidently has a discriminatory especially effect, in terms of frontier workers.
In relation to Roma we inclusion, must therefore forget not dialogue with Roma women, who a have greater emotional influence on their children and on the future generation.
As you are in aware, October 2007, both the Community European and its Member States to committed increase assistance in of the area trade to EUR 1 billion by 2010 the within framework of the EU Strategy on trade assistance.
This Parliament requests Eutelsat to restore NTDTV broadcasts in the China: freedom to information obtain and knowledge is a basic human right.
Ostend Take airport in my own country.
This policy, European this added value must, it seems to me, be based on two fundamental conditions.
More important still is whether or not we can in fact put idea the of sustainability including in other into areas because practice, the Amsterdam Treaty, which country my has today decided to ratify, requires Member States to take account environmental of imperatives in other all of forms Community policy.
In addressing Commission the and the States, Member I will repeat that we must definite achieve progress on the problems that bear down on Europe's conclusion, people.
This is the only way to guarantee that network, the from collection to will distribution, be a comprehensive network which cannot be broken up or used only in and part according to the of convenience postal service operators.
Without them, it will be hard secure to taxpayers' consent for increased public expenditure on development policy.
would I to like conclude, Madam President, with piece a of advice that stems my from last comment; it would be good a idea if, in the next and Convention of reform the the Treaty, field of tax matters could be defined once and for all and that a precise framework for harmonisation be can established.
We wish success, you Commissioner, because your success in this field will Parliament' be s success and the European Union' s success too.
a In question previous to the Commission concerning the existence of studies the on impact of Agreement this on the textile and sector in clothing the EU, in Portugal example, for the Commissioner said so – to as avoid having say to that there were such no studies – that it was ‘unlikely to have a significant impact’.
your Parliament is aware, the Commission is convinced that, without fundamental reform, the Community judicial bodies run the risk - in the term short - of no longer able being carry to out their within task reasonable As deadlines.
He has sterling a done job, but that is also true of Watson, Mr Mrs Hautala, Mrs Cederschiöld and of the other of draftsmen opinions.
EUSF. The of eligibility to the Fund detailed are in Council Regulation No 2012/2002 establishing the conditions
EU. means that this legislation concerns the authorisation to market products the in It
There important also are safeguards to ensure that any such transports do not allow animals to come into contact with animals from holdings other except for direct slaughter.
We constantly to attempt promote push and these values through political dialogue.
The Union must a introduce clear ban on the activities such of groupings.
would like to conclude, ladies and by gentlemen, saying that I am delighted by the prospect of a multi-partnership-style wide, public consultation, which allow will us to follow on up our hard work, in the framework a of compromise that respects the set law out in Amendment 46 makes and it I applicable.
However, we fundamentally disagree with premise the of report this which, effect, in states further that enlargement can only proceed successfully if European the Constitution comes into force.
It contrary was to international law.
Nowhere the in world is the lack of as freedom concentrated as, in specifically, the Middle East.
Even more impracticable is the hypothesis subordinating a of reduction working in hours to a reduction in wages.
Before - the vote on Amendment 1:
production and manufacturing of wine in Europe subject is to clearly defined The conditions.
If Europe does not its restore growth path, it will decline and economically therefore will also decline politically.
Nor it was considered possible to admit legal any basis for the Agencies, Regulatory because there is none in the Treaty for legal a of act this kind.
President, Mr the earth moved, tragedy struck and world our changed.
view of of the Group Independents for a Europe of Nations is that first the thing to do is to thinking stop of the Commission as a superior body, as the of the guardian European public The interest.
Various Members Parliament of have spoken about the suspension of the American measures.
Mr President, acts of racist xenophobic violence and are taking hold the at heart of Europe.
We should make it clear that is America’s Europe friend and partner.
Mr President, reflects it no credit on this House that whole the of agenda our today, the whole of our vote, should have been taken with up a that matter ought never to have come to the floor.
The report talks about a distribution fairer of profits and introduces the concept of full through employment public investment.
Mr President, the principle the that entirety of on-call time is to considered be working time must hold; I agree with rapporteur the on (DE) this.
EU. from car registration in Malta and Gozo comparatively is very whilst high the road infrastructure is worst the in the Income
In 2010, November the Council invited the Commission and Member States to focus joint their work on the following areas: curriculum design, for reading, motivation literacy, maths, science and technology, the impact of new technologies on basic skills and their use in helping learners acquire to autonomy and maintain motivation, gender in differences performance and attitudes, the link pupils' between and their background mastery of basic and, skills finally, issues around teachers and teacher trainers as as well around ethos schools' and characteristics.
therefore I ask you to approve the proposal I have submitted, which takes the needs specific of new small European Union countries and their into societies account, to countries, support do which not have the to capacity create audio visual products sufficient of quality through grants.
In the final analysis, it will affect a large of number NGOs, that is, which organizations these need funds in order to exist and which cannot until wait the long drawn-out bargaining processes between the the Council and Commission are over.
Let make me further one point: I did this not afternoon dress as appropriately Mrs as Lulling, who looks the bee's knees.
The adopted rules should be able to withstand the test of reality.
Mr Buffetaut that complains there are a number of questions which have not been settled in the Convention.
Maastricht The Treaty this gave Parliament the right – and the Council already had the same right to – ask Commission the to bring forward legislative a proposal.
we then, have had confirmation the of loss of our Russian market: 400 000 tonnes European of beef went to Russia last Since year.
Madam President, in course the discussions of Mrs with of Martens the PPE-DE Group, we decided to alter the to amendment paragraph 19 in this way.
There be must a set-up within your organisation, within this of nonsense a so Parliament, we that can actually that say are we going to be here and can we be given time to speak.
We must eradicate hatred justifying without violence.
This establishment is an EU reference laboratory which is supposed to protect our animals from contagious and diseases to not cause epidemics through incompetence.
I also it find interesting that the Commission has presented here with us a variety of models and proposals.
These are nothing for anyone to be afraid of, for, even the now, Member States have to submit reports; detailed indeed, what we are now the reduces proposing burden on them.
In spite of all these reservations, these proposals are heading in the right direction and I do not stand wish their to in way.
Mr President, our group, as you know, not did vote for the report Sjöstedt in committee.
That is it why is important so that no gap should be allowed to occur between the expiry of the transit regime and the new directive entering into force.
Tomorrow the Committee on External Economic Relations will chaired meet, by Commissioner Sir Leon Brittan.
does How the Commission intend to pay unforeseen for expenditure?
There is no alternative.
Commissioner, I am pleased very that have you acknowledged that the German authorities took the appropriate sequence measures of - was that my also impression in Germany.
We suggest the end of 1999 or perhaps the end of the year 2000 so that is there a specific date, rather than a relatively vague open-ended commitment.
To put the it current bluntly: international difficulties and the increasing anxiety we feel all in living together in mutual respect have encouraged misguided the view that cultures are set on an unavoidable collision course leading to a clash of civilisations.
We do not, however, have strive to towards a uniform although approach, we must be willing to learn one from another.
I would therefore point once again to this demand House’s for a directive on heating and cooling.
is It worth noting that European investment in Burma is significant, particularly in the oil and gas industries.
Firstly, must democracy be consolidated.
This assures genuine choice those consumers for who categorically do not foods want which contain GMOs.
The conclusion successful of this proposed regulation will bridge the regulatory current by gap creating harmonised for rules the evaluation, scientific authorisation and use of food in enzymes the Community.
Mr President, this is debate about strategic priorities.
The Commission has also been very active in contributing to EU efforts to the promote human rights of in international women fora, as the such UN on Commission Human Rights, the Committee Third of the United Nations General Assembly, and the Office of Democratic Institutions Human and Rights of the OSCE.
It is that important all Members of Parliament are made aware of this.
The House was moved recently debate to violations of in human rights Cambodia along with unacceptable the treatment of women and children constituted that an affront to their human dignity.
I Like you, have just listened to Mr López Garrido, who gave a very good explanation of how the Presidency Spanish tended also towards this will to adopt initial these measures, which provide will with a us range of minimum guarantees.
Germany has been already mentioned.
The draft resolution recalls rightly the Commission's to accountability this Parliament.
need to one separate term from the other and work – I repeat jointly to – make vision the of urban sustainable development a We reality.
Madam President, generally speaking, am from I far satisfied with heading 4 of the draft budget.
It divests our entire policy of any credibility.
As regards the point on we are education, trying to pay special to attention universities because we believe that they could do more than are they doing now and that sometimes we are too not benevolent towards them.
Certain features of civilisation, our notably stress, play their part too.
for Support the determination the of Greek authorities will increase in confidence the successful achievement of the ambitious they programme have adopted.
I, a be Liberal, shall voting against your Commission precisely because you have replaced not the Liberal Mrs Kroes.
I found the way which in colleagues applauded themselves to be offensive within the context of an economic crisis.
We need to move away from national and egos towards at greater effectiveness European level.
Of particular importance are the changes have that been made to protect children, families and minorities.
In that however, respect, even after Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner’s speech although – I the appreciate fact that was she clear very that needs Lebanon has and the right to go back to being independent and thus not on dependent Syria – we should be critical the fact of that she did not address basic such issues at all clearly.
We have already talked about the European and semester, I would like to thank Vice-President because Šefčovič, is it really informing worth the public about the what semester means.
We understood the urgent appeal which was made us to last the year in wake of the Court of Auditors' report which current criticised practices, to namely find ways and means to establish sound legal a base.
An enormous and complex bureaucracy has been administer established to the Structural Funds.
on the behalf of PPE-DE Group. - Mr (DE) ladies President, and gentlemen, there are few on issues which the citizens of Europe broadly agree that Europe is making serious efforts their on behalf.
The truth is that people more inhale deeply to the get taste and so can actually damage themselves more.
In practice, gathering evidence is very difficult; so, in is practice, knowing where to draw the line.
friend, Torben Lund, here thought to it have absurd a that proposal defines a bathing site according to how many bathers there, go and according to which the authorities must define it as a bathing My site.
I should like to emphasise yet that again.
To this an end, association between agreement the EU and Syria is currently to waiting be signed.
It has to be helped to play its full role within the of framework and supportive efficient information, consultation negotiation and procedures.
My concern is for both individual and collective guarantees.
Restricting concept the inter-generational of solidarity to just childcare is a mistaken interpretation.
I am gratified to see the that European Council has come now share to that view.
A key identified challenge at the Council European was in the sector, services which remains highly fragmented.
President, Mr European the Union's environmental policy is ambitious and good in several areas.
am I well aware that regions the outermost overseas and countries and (OCTs) territories making up Europe's overseas territory only concern six EU Member States and that obviously issues these in territories are largely unknown.
Turkey is and remains important an partner of Europe.
Slovakia will be receiving only a fraction the of needed money for the shutdown these of units from EU funds.
We are still very uncertain about the effectiveness of a military option should not which be envisaged unless all instruments diplomatic have failed.
Before the on vote Amendment 88:
Pre-accession aid for Bulgaria and Romania is then to be replenished, and the budget for pre-accession aid then is to Turkey. include
is This particularly when one resonant recalls that exactly the situation same Rwanda, arose in where the militias were urged to attack civilians, and French civilians in particular, in messages broadcast both government on and private radio stations.
I would therefore like to the urge of representative the Council to delight us August in by adopting a binding legally statute for the code of conduct, which be would warmly welcomed by this House.
In this approving resolution, I am calling on the two in the sides conflict to refrain from carrying any out further acts that could result in an escalation of the tension.
The Court's mandate comes to an soon, end in 2010, and the Sierra Leone has Government been totally frank about not being to able ensure sentences that the passed will be enforced.
It would be wrong quite if Bulgaria were suffer to at all from any this of negative background noise.
Commission The proposes a number of measures to clarify and simplify the laws.
We abstained the in Committee on Social Affairs, so it is only to be that expected we not yet do agree with the report.
Madam the President, Committee on Rights Women's and Gender Equality voted for report this a by tiny majority of three votes, six since of its 33 members were absent.
parliamentary services told me that had I to be The here.
Thirdly, the European Union acquire must full membership in the Council Security and the in General Assembly.
Tsar great, and is the is far away' is what they used to 'Russia say.
is If that not the case, the Commission can making propose implementation of relevant European standards mandatory.
have rarely come such across a Stalinist report here in this House: is it pure, mendacious We propaganda!
Over weeks, recent there has indeed been a deal great of public surrounding attention a trial taking in place South Africa the against pharmaceutical industry and the South African Government and also a complaint against Brazil lodged the by United States.
This the is only way to ensure that the basis for trade world is formed a in balanced and just socially way.
(Parliament adopted legislative the resolution)
I believe that she has the necessary authority to ensure that the voice the of United Nations is heard, and to remind the signatory countries of the various conventions international on rights human of their responsibilities, which I say would are elementary.
If majority the of States Member continue to be committed to nuclear energy today, however, safe and procedures appropriate must in be place.
The ECR therefore abstained.
European From a point of view this is without doubt which something initially will affect only specific branches and sectors of industry, even or individual companies, far as as their employment situation or level of economic activity is concerned.
Finally, Mr President, I think special that measures are needed for in vineyards mountainous island and regions.
It will allow better burden-sharing in observing both parties' international responsibilities.
Further efforts are also needed to ensure supremacy democratic civil-military of the relations, to protect of rights women, children and trade unions, to improve the judiciary system and to enhance the fight against corruption.
Many of these definitions based are on the factors the influencing marine environment the and threats to it, rather than the quality the of ecosystem.
know We that there is the EET system so and on, that is, tax is either paid the on contributions on the or interest on the invested on capital, what is received for the occupational pension, or tax paid is on the pensions themselves.
As far macroeconomic as the approach is which essential to combating unemployment is concerned, this must be based on monetary and budgetary policies.
It specifically refers to interinstitutional agreements; even it categorises them.
We are waiting for forward-looking a of vision economic development, a project which is humane and intelligent, and which will enable development sustainable to be achieved.
I would now like move to on to the s Commission' proposal.
GDP. proportion of budget accounted the for by the Structural Funds will increase further in future, as saw we when the Agenda 2000 assessment published was yesterday, because some 2 billion marks are to be transferred from them to the Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee mainly Fund, for similar while use, addition in structural is be to funding held constant in the budget at present its figure 0.46 of % of The
Surely governments our – and north south – and our European can Union, build on that.
All European institutions, including the Parliament, support should an information campaign.
Aleś Čyrejka
This is to a provide solution situations to when, for one reason or some another, Member States are unable or unwilling issue to a residence permit for third-country nationals time, in or they do apply not the framework provided by the Schengen regulations properly.
Besides, the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health has come out almost unanimously against the method.
But once balance that is and struck once the legislative position is clear, it then is incumbent on all of us to make the sure law adhered is to.
It is good that there has been an after evaluation five years.
The German Constitutional Federal Court could make only a negative about decision Germany's participation in the monetary union if Heads the of State of and Government were to be in of violation the Maastricht in Treaty their about decision the participating countries.
The British or even the American tail is wagging the European dog.
It is a different story, however, for at-risk such groups the as young elderly or people without working the experience, sick, persons disabled and single mothers or families with several children.
Public health (2001 - 2006)
impression at is that, the moment, this House is very much divided, since, as some Members claim, certain amendments may even weaken the legal basis proposed by the Commission and, at this moment, the specifically, opinion, for example, of rapporteur the the for Committee the on Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy believe - who I will we next hear - is, of course, opposed to the of introduction My amendments.
This coordination worked has exceptionally well.
Other areas will continue be to subject to self-regulation in the Member as States, a complement to the provisions of legislation.
in (FR) - I voted in of report favour the by my Italian colleague Monica Frassoni the on of conclusion an interinstitutional agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission on procedures for implementing the Council Decision laying down the procedures for the exercise of powers conferred implementing on the Commission, as by amended 2006/512/EC Decision of 17 July 2006. writing.
therefore, I am, delighted to acknowledge today and thank her for her dignity, impartiality, efficiency and the exceptional elegance with she which has fulfilled in her duties service the of the European Union, thereby increasing the prestige of our Parliament.
.    – President, Mr I would like to start with the warm most to thanks Mr Herzog, who had a difficult task as and, rapporteur having explicitly an left-wing stance, did not find always it easy to put position his across.
The eleventh-hour compromise reached on subject of the registration is not perfect.
There is question no mark over the Convention’s work.
Lastly, we recognise that innovation, in new particular technology, been has for responsible a democratic revolution in modern and societies, is this that something should be welcomed, preserved and encouraged.
In the common position irradiation is accepted as a possible method preserving of foodstuffs.
sadly, Mr President, I do not believe that the statements given here today deliver the expectations on of our citizens.
The lack of security food is threatening to undermine MDG objective 1, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa.
We hope that will be taken up.
The period we should support is not 2005, 2002.
It in is interest our that the directive be transposed properly, correctly and well.
It is true that in unemployment cases many is a consequence of low level, segregated education, but most often it is a result of the fact that Roma when the a go to job interview, they are turned automatically down because of the colour their of skin.
The changes proposed by Mr Barroso are cosmetic.
Finally, would I the repeat which criticism has already been expressed here that Socrates is hopelessly underfunded.
We have to provide answers and we have to answer only to the citizens of the European Union, because we ultimately representing are them.
This list is available in three languages, as usual, but the texts which on we are going to are vote in all languages.
the be European Union, like all of us, has a direct interest in a process stabilisation of and peace, and we hope will it Obviously rapid.
President (The cut off the speaker)
We all agree the on for need clean drinking water, but we do not all favour the same of means achieving it.
Link this to the open coordination method and we will achieve a coherent policy.
After this crisis, I think there is now much more of awareness the need to have real coordination in response the to the crisis.
This was the also first practical application of principles the enshrined in Small the Business Act.
In a war situation there is no proportionality each - war and each is casualty one too many, it and is possible not balance to figures for side each against the other.
much that, so when anyone raises the issue public of the safety, Commission immediately takes refuge in the subsidiarity So principle.
After all, the subsidiarity principle applies at all times.
The EU’s share of world trade dwindled has over the past 10 years, that while of United the States, in and particular China and India, has skyrocketed.
We should approach the problem from direction, other the ensuring by that the Union has in place the right structures for strengthening competitiveness and providing a climate is that conducive to business development. all, After it is enterprises that will generate a better quality of life and, as a result, an social improved welfare system.
It accident is no that dyslexic and dysgraphic children are also using treated movement therapy.
The Council supports the Commission's efforts to mange the Community's external aid more efficiently use and to funds EDF in accordance with the objectives criteria and of the Cotonou Agreement.
If we do not the get problems solved matters now, will become so much the difficult more an in enlarged EU.
Commissioner the therefore confirm the changes whether to the Structural Funds will allow for integrated aid in support of those Will regions.
Mr Brok's statement during his presentation to plenary the tone captures of the report perfectly. He said that, we if want to be and convincing reliable in our foreign we policy, need to demonstrate on a basis daily that we are prepared to use military to means enforce what is not accepted using other means.
I would include also the effect of a special and differential treatment, well as as capacity building.
It to ought be equally obvious every that may country draw up their own regulations in this area.
I would like finish to by saying Commissioner to that Kroes we expect transparency from the Commission.
It is also worth noting that a separate clause on women’s rights would imply also the need to include various other human rights as issues individual clauses subsequent in trade and agreements; co-operation that is say to for example, a clause for the rights of the or child, a clause for the rights of peoples indigenous and minorities.
Efforts recover to state aid are made being alongside protectionism and state intervention in the economy: a perilous path to take.
Everything depend, will quite clearly, on the Yugoslav response.
The question of the after usability 2013 the of Kyoto quota surplus, is which of key importance to Hungary and to considered a be national asset, will thus remain unresolved until the climate change summit to held be in South Africa in 2011.
Our relations with the Mediterranean and regions with Africa are of vital interest to Europe.
Also, let us not forget that the EU needs deliver to here at home and lead by to example.
That is the reality.
The project, provisionally named the Scandinavian Express Loop, establish will a Stockholm-Östersund-Trondheim-Oslo-Stockholm rail loop.
Penalties for possession, dealing trafficking and as vary, do attitudes to possession personal for consumption.
It was a critical very but constructive dialogue.
action the does Council intend to take in relation to West the African countries and concerned the cacao What industry?
More and training qualifications are essential particularly for women who, as a social group, are the still victims of the sexist, discriminatory social division of labour.
At present, what is is needed effective between coordination the partners on the ground to enable them to target areas and to speed successfully up the aid.
The third country is responsible for and sovereign to spend its under revenue the agreement, whole in or in part, in support of its fisheries policy for the purposes agreed jointly in a approach with common the Community.
Nevertheless, they are separated.
In the Parliament, European we completely are clearly in of support the principle such of a monitoring centre and have demonstrated that in a series of resolutions.
Secondly, you ensure must that the people responsible for mismanagement and erroneous developments consistently, are punished if necessary by them making compensate for part of the damage out caused their of own pocket.
After all, it responsible is for technical measures to protect against counterfeiting.
The same applies the to police.
(DE) Madam President, to I refer Rule 145 of the Rules of Procedure.
must said be that the Council does not seem to have this accepted strategic It challenge.
After relatively a quiet period, the arrival recent a of few thousand Jihad fighters who aim to the enforce Islam religion on the Moluccan islands has led to renewed escalations of violence.
remaining proposed measures in the report, particularly to promote the use emergency vaccination, of to give farmers a greater sense of responsibility and to shed light on role the of the all players in the funding of future the strategy, are a step in the right direction and appropriate are an means strengthening of EU legislation on animal The health.
Even with a moderate level of reduction, effects on communities are severe.
We common share some values and we use can the ILO conventions as a for basis developing the European social model further.
Work has already begun; four negotiating have sessions been scheduled for this year, and two of them have already place, taken in preparation for the Poznan Conference of the Parties.
would I like to end by calling on the Members to vote in of favour report this and I hope that the States will implement these measures as soon as possible, a with view to preserving the environment and human protecting health, moving thereby us in the of direction the sustainable Europe we that want all to see.
We are with quarrelling the United States.
(Blue question card to Mr Cohn-Bendit under Rule 149(8)).
Given that the representatives of the non-bikers have not made heard themselves at I all, that think in we the House have actually done quite a reasonable job.
I am delighted to hear that there is a will to develop this special relationship parliamentary at However, I have doubts, my Commissioner, because just before this debate we had a long debate your with Mrs Ashton colleague about Partnership Economic Agreements. level.
For instance, EU cephalopod vessels are allowed to keep over four times as much fish by-catch as Guinean vessels.
As the honourable - Members and Mrs Gutiérrez-Cortines - know, on 13 December the adopted a Commission Communication on increasing maritime safety, following the Prestige accident, a text which the reminds Member States of the need to apply in advance and to up speed application the of the Erika and I Erika II legislative as packages, well as proposing new measures.
I believe that our emergence from economic crisis the to depends a extent large on the proposal's ability to facilitate the wide-ranging application and efficient of ICT in the business sector.
consultation The held within the Committee on Fisheries was a characterised by spirit of good cooperation, which has led to strong a result.
That be should good a enough for reason the Commission to review effectiveness the its of aid provision, certainly and gives us enough justification for looking further into its self-analysis, so let me again congratulate Mr Hutchinson on the good work has he done in spelling out very clearly to the what Commission it be should doing.
it Will set out established social rights in the Union European or will it set a broader agenda?
For four years we Poland's negotiated membership of the structures of European the Union.
The regulation which you are being asked to extend by two until years, the end of the present perspective financial in 2006, one is of two the bases legal for the Initiative European for Democracy and Rights. Human
the Even Dutch Government, which has no Democrats Christian in it, has acknowledged that Dutch based education on a foundation of Islam is often system an excellent for promoting emancipation the of Muslims, up secondary to level.
The deficit of European the Union has in turn resulted in a serious information democratic deficit.
As Mrs Sippel said, quality take must over precedence quantity.
Transparency, logical and decisions hence predictability for are companies aspects that we shall have to discuss over the coming months.
We can see, therefore, urban that issues have come a long way.
I believe all us of in share this House the desire to this see conflict finally end and both parties find a solution the for stability of the people of Israel the and for people of Palestine, which will also help enhance the stability and security of the region.
As Mr Donnelly Le said, claimed Mr Pen in the Committee on Rules the of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities that it was not an accurate report.
As the Commission’s establishing OLAF decision puts it, his Office “shall the exercise powers of investigation in ... complete and independence” it “neither may seek nor take instructions from the Commission, any or government any other institution or body”’.
Amendment 43 is crucial in this respect.
We have made a balanced proposal controversial on the of issue donations in line with 2001 the compromise and consequently that propose donations should be permitted, although only if satisfy they strict conditions of transparency.
Opportunities. first aspect - taking life my in my hands - refers to of some the amendments of the on Committee Women's Rights and The Equal
The Council is requested to act only when majority a delegations of in the committee management has been unable give to an opinion on a such proposal.
For years sea the provided for our forefathers was and a source considerable of income.
I think safely I can say that it has respected the guidelines drawn up by the party and working even their improved wording, since some of them were rather obscure in places, not to say contradictory.
in - support I this report, my despite and opposition disappointment that the former European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia, set following up the recommendations of the Council of Ministers' Consultative Committee on Racism and Xenophobia, where represented I European the Parliament, has now been dissolved into a European wider Union Agency for Fundamental Rights. writing.
They exemplify our shared European ambition and provide a around point efforts which collective can be shaped.
This has been the on back burner for a long while, there and is a for reason that.
The Committee on Legal at Affairs looks issue this through legal spectacles, as you would expect.
Mr I President, believe that the European Parliament must responsibly assume powers its for human safeguarding rights and should never confine itself to simply transcribing of opinions the third parties.
However, as individuals, many voted colleagues in favour of it.
field The of operations drawn for up the agency quite is broad so good cooperation with Member is States important.
I am that assuming the Council will be keeping us informed about this.
While recognising that progress has been made the in position, common the result - I must say passing in - initiatives of taken by European the Parliament, sufficient progress has been not made.
Unlike in the past, this must not done be military through from intervention outside but through diplomatic, and, if economic necessary, pressure.
The farmers in the new Member States, and only not farmers, the are extremely worried and by alarmed these developments.
Both are markets experiencing particularly worrying situations economic and are no longer in position a to stock with up the same quantity of supplies as before.
We shall therefore with work them gladly.
I have made not up. this this Perhaps was not but true there is a tone of voice that does not lie.
do not share the Member's concerns at I all.
There absolutely is no that doubt the seventeen years that Mumia Abu-Jamal just has rotting spent on death following row a travesty justice of linked are to the fact that he is black, to his against fight institutional racism, to the freedom thought of this which journalist practised by having the courage to denounce the corruption prevailing the in ranks the of Philadelphia police.
Europe (The the beginning of speech was inaudible) ... to an make effort so that is as strong a player as possible on world the (CS) market.
The main of bones contention still outstanding are the technical dialogue and the question of whether entities should allowed, be in complex cases, technical seek to technical advice firms from intending to bid for the at contract a later stage and, so, if under what circumstances.
Amongst these concerns I would like to stress our doubts about reserve the in the agriculture, low of appropriations implementation in safety food and the future of rural development.
There is no that measures are question needed simplify to legislation, to assess its impact and to analyse how texts are transposed.
What would you say if the members of the Russian Parliament sought instruct to Members of the Parliament European on how they should vote?
In The Hague, we once again managed prevent to the blacklisted representatives of Zimbabwe from attending the meeting.
- (SV) Mr President, the Berlin Wall fell almost 20 years ago.
must They not be shunted like mere objects the between Member various States, as unfortunately often happens at present.
If an initiative receives enough signatures, the Commission is obliged not to put it into effect, to its merely justify decision.
Protocol. mechanisms Kyoto - emissions trading, joint and implementation the clean development mechanism - are a of part the The
The role of Eurojust is also not clearly defined.
Under the new rules on trials in absentia, we can now be tried and sentenced in another EU without state even being aware this that has happened, and then face extradition and imprisonment.
As well as favourable a economic climate, the need for structural adjustments was confirmed in both Amsterdam and Denver.
To date, attempt the to open up to outside the world had proved coupled successful when good with access to foreign markets. Furthermore, as Commissioner Bangemann remarked, the flow of investment had been most beneficial.
. as Commissioner, you the know, European Parliament has been following closely very the current process of negotiations with Mercosur, a with region which we have significant Europeans links, not just economic but ones, historical, also political and cultural links.
Too often, candidates find that is management chaotic, that selection and is based on financial circumstances.
the EU Members States all and men women enjoy freedom and make of use it in various ways as see they fit, and example an of this would be way the that women devote more time to looking after children more than In men do.
Of I course, acknowledge there that is still much to be done.
This amounts to a to defensive attitude, damage limitation, whereas what need we is a fresh approach, innovation and quality.
As the saying a goes, bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Therefore, need we show to maximum openness to the interested nations, including Mr home Milinkevich's country.
We need to listen to Mr Reynders, Belgian the Minister for he Finance, when says that we not should beyond go the measures that society can bear in Greece, because that will growth destroy and the country will not recover.
President-in-Office. - (SL) As you know, all in June the 2007 European Council invited its Secretary-General, the High Representative Javier Solana, and European the Commission to present a joint document on climate how change international affects security.
Secondly, we need to consider respect for human flower rights, a in eye the Parliament. of We should ensure that the bilateral agreements between individual and states countries which do not offer any guarantee to effect, that should no longer take place, particularly when they have to be made with countries such Iraq as that have destructive military arsenals which place the of an populations entire region in danger.
A large majority of personal the representatives of Ecofin the Ministers supported our approach.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon.
(Laughter)
I hope that it will be swiftly implemented, and for it reason that would wise be if this Parliament showed moderation in number the of projects.
The Commission has not anything provided new.
How we shall then answer that charge?
There should ideally be gradual retirement and retirement voluntary rather than compulsory retirement.
Along with the I weakness have mentioned, should we note the absence, for reasons, budgetary of European offices from that which region, has enormous but potential also is a simmering volcano.
of our One main successes has been the preservation of the tried tested and national safety marks such as German the 'GS' symbol.
Detainees are free leave to the UK at any time to return to their country origin, of and have a right of appeal against the decision.
This is a tidal wave that we have to stop, and passports better alone will not solve this matter.
These are things the that the future of should Europe be about.
The business postal has been deregulated in Sweden.
We were a few millimetres from when agreement, the Presidency and the had Commission succeeded in getting most of the delegations to move kilometres, and is that really something to regret.
This means the that issue of employment and unemployment will addressed be level at the of prime ministers and presidents.
It is extraordinary that should he talk about bringing the European Parliament to the closer people his when government about is to impose system a of proportional representation on the United Kingdom which is, I as understand it and - we are still waiting to find the definition a - list closed system.
means By of regional cooperation their on part, the ACP States are to be in put to a position develop their own functioning which markets, are if necessary there is to greater be trade with us in both goods and services.
This the is essential for precondition collaboration in 1997, the work programme which for I have presented this morning.
The fight against these unscrupulous therefore people needs be to more and effective better reflect reality.
Article 230(4) of Treaty the already provides for this is and therefore sufficient.
the want say to to you that I am President of Europeans, all and I have to express my political opinions before all I citizens.
Madam President, the Union treaty it makes duty our to create area an of freedom, security and justice Europe's for citizens.
Members) (Interjections from the from floor various
Keep it and up you will indeed be the receiving ones the rights human prize!
Ayman, 13 years who old, was going to school with his schoolbag on was and shot dead, is the symbol of the barbarity to an which of military army occupation can stoop, just as, obviously, barbarous it is that Hamas should Palestinian send children to throw bombs at Israeli citizens.
However, the rapporteur, Cercas, Mr who deserves congratulations, the and shadow rapporteur of the Group of the European People's (Christian Party Democrats) and European Mr Democrats, Silva and Peneda, all the of members the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, the Committee on Women's Rights Gender and Equality and, above all, the on Committee Employment and Affairs, Social did their best, very even if opinions their differed, to reconcile the differences.
President, Mr one parliamentary is priority also to address an alarming where situation the Human Rights Council's activities have resulted in extreme politicisation.
. – Madam President, intention the of the proposed regulation is to harmonise the national different on provisions the addition vitamins of and and minerals of certain other substances to foods.
Schools should be closely involved in projects pilot regarding the introduction the of euro, particularly at the early stage.
I should to finish like by thanking the members of the delegation office there who were to so helpful us.
We want a not weaker but a stronger Commission.
On the other hand, the EU has progressively budget moved its priorities towards financing the neoliberal, federalist and militaristic of policies EU. the
I am also prepared, if a - let us say - problem case should arise, to with discuss Member the concerned how might one best remedy it.
I thank of all you very much.
19 Minister Kerim invited was to discussions with the EU' s President-in-Office and High Solana Representative in conjunction with the General Affairs Council of Foreign March.
I deplore that.
We do to need especially bear that in mind this at moment.
The Commission remains firmly committed to concluding the with Agreement Mercosur as soon as is it technically and politically feasible.
hope, I Commissioner Barnier, that the can Commission come up with a proposal concrete for altering Treaty, the which we shall then discuss.
On March, 11 the Commission adopted the communication to the and Council the European entitled Parliament ‘Wider – Europe a Neighbourhood: framework new for relations our with eastern and southern neighbours’, which the describes new series of neighbourhood policies that the enlarged Union European should with adopt the countries sharing its direct and land sea borders.
These rights enshrined are either in the Universal Declaration Rights, of Human in national bodies legislation of and in conventions between management and unions.
Mr Mr President, like the earlier Commissioner, ones, this latest diktat from the World Trade Organization in this banana is war deeply disagreeable in tone, not say to unacceptable to the European Union.
We need to into see incorporated European cooperation a system compulsory for integrating environmental considerations into all areas, something will happen which with the Sixth Environmental Programme Action as the environmental pillar for the strategy during the next few years.
Therefore, the EU also has a role, via its States, Member in drawing attention to the vulnerable position of and in the Roma facilitating their integration into society.
the vote on the budget each year has Parliament shown support constant for this During issue.
Commission, Commissioner through De Gucht, and a majority large of Member the States - their adding to voice the statements made by President Obama - have already condemned this The initiative.
We need come to up with a solution to this; otherwise, divide the will get only bigger.
Similarly, access to must information be provided, irrespective of each spouse's financial situation.
If Europe wants a market single with free movement of people, goods, services and capital, it should also lay down social high and environmental standards that offer protection set and an example to rest the of the world.
It duty is our to make use of all the available tools in an and ethical responsible manner.
In contrast, current incentive the regimes, and in particular all matters to relating the application of the social and environmental clauses, have had little success, as only two beneficiary countries, Sri Lanka which and Moldova, are exactly giants not global of trade, benefit from the social clause.
Negotiations are under way with both and Lebanon Syria.
I that hope drawing attention to one-stop shops individual which are good examples will be followed by efforts greater to the improve operation of all them, of so that they really will serve small and medium-sized enterprises.
Is not it true that everything comes from China?
The result is sobering.
From the point of view of security the and welfare of our home, common both eastern and southern neighbours equally are important to us.
If it is impossible tomorrow to reach agreement on the right then legal basis, I would prefer refer to this to my back committee and take to time to decide on a proper basis, legal because we all know that non-ODA actions are necessary.
MEPs have underlined also the need to ensure greater transparency companies by multinational on their tax compliance in developing countries, notably the extractive industries, country-by-country by ensuring reporting.
It will be apparent from what I have said are that we thinking very much the along same lines.
about Europeans we do not speak out it ... will not be phased out overnight, but if we do not phase out nuclear power, we must stop talking nuclear If safety.
rather than erecting a new I wall, that believe the euro will facilitate the integration of the candidate So countries.
That is why it gave to rise a lot of questions beforehand.
is This country a that troops keeps in an EU Member and State, is not the first and only country to to adjust EU requirements.
However, I know also that not all those guilty of terrorist attacks were tried in Italy.
Today, it a is crisis factor in itself.
With ill-defined portfolios and weakened powers, this Commission the will lack means to and act certainly will be more inclined to preserve national than interests the European interest.
Such choices, are indeed, a valid intrinsic and part of local political life.
As I said before, the only one not to set a have target is date Poland.
For we this not do need the return of national border controls.
I dwell would at length on what are the guiding principles of this proposal, but I shall limit myself to considering and growth employment.
and gentlemen, Parliament has completed its Ladies agenda.
We already made have some headway in the fight against fraud.
We shall of require, first all, in fundamental a way, respect for minorities, human respect rights, for a stop to police brutality and a willingness to have a constructive dialogue with the European Union.
States. approach takes form the of a framework directive establishing general principles applicable to takeover bids, without making any attempt detailed to achieve harmonization of the force rules in in the various Member That
Furthermore, I welcome the Commission's regarding decision 'stress a test' on drillings oil in EU waters.
It is also important to remember - and this also has been said - that we now cannot cut the funds for the living refugees the on frontier.
There were an incredible number of ambiguities instances and of overlapping other with legislation, we and now have removed 'paper pulp' and and 'minerals and these ores', being important areas that do not, belong however, in this proposal.
We do not have many months.
If the President of Council the of Ministers to required see a monument to the success to the Turin conference, then would obviously he been have greatly disillusioned disappointed and this here morning when he came report on to the conference to the European Parliament.
This report should greater achieve clarity, and Mr Lannoye has put evidently a great deal effort of into it.
Group The ELDR believes that the dialogue with Turkey must continue such on issues as the acceptance of Kurdish in migrants the region and the improving of human generally. rights On these matters too, the European both and Commission the Council must keep Parliament properly informed.
(FR) Madam President, as part of Europe the 2020 Strategy, these Employment Guidelines must address three major challenges.
Mr Burg now is to appealing Israel’s friends to intervene.
Therefore, we work along these lines and accept that our policy will have certain must effects.
in writing. - (PL) Ladies and Gentlemen, many topics have been on touched in this debate.
We writing. - must ensure that airport charges security are transparent, objective and based on clear criteria that real reflect in costs.
It certainly debate influenced the on the moratorium on the death penalty.
Mr President, behalf on of my outgoing colleagues myself and I would like assure to you that I have never regretted my as resignation much at as this moment.
We must also that no realise compensation will totally make up for the financial loss and, above all, the loss of morale.
Such an attitude by does Russia nothing to reconciliation foster between Russia and the of states eastern and Europe Baltic the which have regained their freedom.
all, After European policy not only offers added value through a high level consumer of protection, but also, and to significant a extent, it enables those consumers to enjoy full the benefits of internal the market.
I am also clear about the fact that we should not Turkmenistan use and the Interim Agreement as a hostage in order to shift of the balance power the between European institutions.
These days project funding in the human area rights is turning into the personal business of senior some European Union officials.
In other words, would it not be for better the euro to be the same both on sides?
can They both to contribute the but process, the chief responsibility lies with the Member States, and a great deal time of has lost been here Member because States have not done their homework.
The extensive concentration on the demand side the in of form supermarkets is backed not by reinforced organisations producer in the sector itself.
The Minutes approved reflect the what President has said.
I think this that offers an absolutely crucial opportunity reaffirm to the important role played by transport policy at European level in the current with context the debate on the 2020 objectives Europe going on.
Maroni Mr has that a announced law which has just entered into force will provide incentives for young Indeed, couples.
The experience are we gaining is too but expensive, is very instructive.
But now comes the big 'but' . When it is a question applying of this to human beings, manipulating human of I beings, we think cannot be strict enough.
In contrast to a committee of inquiry, which case in this would serve no this would purpose, be a constructive initiative.
I was to hear glad the representative of the on Committee Agriculture and Rural say Development that they would settle for the four-month advance that involve would coming from forward January 2002.
This is why the proposals improve to the living of women conditions rural in areas, for by, example, creating education and training infrastructures at all levels, promoting equal access to the market, labour providing incentives encourage to women's entrepreneurship developing and high-quality social and health services, are essential for sustainable rural development.
In summary, MDG the contracts will project only be opportunity to improve an the effectiveness of our aid if it is defined very clearly, along with conditions its of eligibility, execution and evaluation.
However, if policies our are going to be effective, must we distinguish between man-made and natural climate change.
I heeded have this advice, because taking careful in steps the is socio-political arena something which for me, as a Dane, a is very important point to emphasize.
in We the Union and the Member States must just take responsibility for ensuring that the the negotiations on Constitutional Treaty reach a conclusion so that the timetable for the European Parliament elections in 2009 be can in put place.
I told them that all Korea North poses a threat to peace and not security, just within the region; and, should add, I not just in nuclear its activities but in also its attitude towards missile proliferation.
occupied is the final chance for the Council to decide at last to back the opinion of the European Parliament advocating a of suspension the association with agreement Israel its until withdraw forces from the It territories.
This system still protects us from shortcomings the exist that throughout the world.
I believe that directive the is really important, because the problem of market as security exists, the that scandals have come to light highlighted have even more.
What matters is now to these combine individual steps into a total concept.
This report and the disasters it ecological that claims to manage are a reminder to us of how urgent it is to abandon nuclear energy.
A comprehensive solution is needed for them at EU level, which requires close cooperation between the Commission's European various directorates too.
We are not talking about the very distant future.
These amendments address not aspects covered the in joint resolution, and we thought it would be include appropriate to them.
There is apparently no independent institution that the scrutinises Bank's activities.
Every state, both in the and EU in rest the of world, the has right the to own and shape its own development.
Union. regard the to fight against or direct indirect discrimination on the basis of gender, that policy has proved complete success a in the European With
It is understandable that the Commission cannot us tell today how it intends to up divide a budget that has not yet even been but adopted, do I believe that it should certainly be giving consideration to to how about go providing trans-European these with networks the funding that will they need.
A forthcoming communication will outline new in proposals order to frame the development of a comprehensive framework for crisis prevention and correction in the euro area through to recourse the new Article 136 of Treaty the on the Functioning of European the Union.
I think that does really make things clearer.
This goes for caused deaths by tobacco, and in other areas it goes also for road and deaths deaths caused by alcohol.
However, am forced to admit that the lines worry on my fellow Members' brows and - far as I as can see from here, on your brow, Mr too, - Fischler are still as deep as I ever.
On the other side of that however, coin, are higher production costs and lower competitiveness in number a sectors of that are under coming global pressure, especially from Asian economies these unfamiliar with standards.
Union. are claiming, wrongly, that this would outlaw financing of political are parties that opposed to the European They
2007, In EU inward investment in China EUR was 7.16 billion, inward while China's investment in the EU was only EUR 0.6 billion.
Minus percent one next year will to correspond a Growth and Stability of Pact more than -3%.
The powerful countries will continue to evade the and, law, even here, some speakers such as Mr Poettering have told us that wrong was Romanians it for the to have to agreed conclude agreements, bilateral but the US, which pushed them into this, would not entertain any criticism whatsoever.
and Mr Watson Collins also made a very clear point about the importance of the Lisbon Strategy and the need to keep Lisbon to the Mr fore.
My in vote favour is based on the wisdom of this report, which not only the embraces innovations of the Treaty Lisbon of in of matters foreign policy and security, calls but also for greater coordination between the recently created European External Action Service, the States and Member the Commission.
It our is task here in to Parliament ensure that the internal is market carried into effect.
These must deficiencies therefore be overcome.
The has, however, signalled that it will adopt not any amendment the to financial perspectives - not even between Council categories.
A annual second report on the functioning and development of SOLVIT will be available in 2006 April and will allow the Parliament to European further monitor the situation.
As is also the provided in second recital of Protocol No 6 of Swedish the Act of Accession, these are rules currently being reviewed in the of context the Commission's proposals reforming on the Funds. Structural
In view of a possible compromise with Parliament, has which stressed the need to protect from price consumers on increases standard postal services, and with regard Amendments to 6, Nos 9 and the 10, Commission could agree widening to the proposed of scope postal services that may qualify for a reduced rate so to as include standard postal services relating to items up of to 10 kg in weight.
feel We that the compromise proposal of an automatic rota system a with guidance panel with diminished powers, as put by forward the Council, has some definite disadvantages.
He cooks, he shops, he's but not so good at making the bed!
The has Commission actively contributed to launching Northern the Dimension environmental with partnership, its support for fund environmental and nuclear projects in Northwest Russia.
(Laughter)
This is not a burden that we leave can individual the Member States to bear, not least because it be would heavier for some Member States than others.
the end of 1998, the Commission will carry out a analysing study the to extent which the principles in included the have recommendation been Before applied.
In this regard, we need to emphasise the importance of the agreements returning to to Parliament obtain our approval.
These refugees days, mostly hail from further afield, look to different western Europeans, there and is far less the understanding for situation from which they are fleeing.
Might I ask you to look at role the of the parliamentary delegations in this particular area?
So, we are now for calling referral back to committee.
The given to answer Mr Colom Naval's i question obliges me to put a second one.
You have a brought very special to conviction the fight against terrorism and in doing so you brought dignity have to democratic the purpose of this House.
I especially would draw your attention to Amendment No 45, which in a choice made is in favour of laying the cost of and disassembly recycling at the of door manufacturer, the for new cars any at rate.
I expect therefore an answer.
five was years ago, I repeat five years That ago.
President, ladies gentlemen, and I would like to look another at aspect of these Mr agreements.
The news includes accounts cruel of murders, assaults, and rape, the burning of homes places and of worship.
I should like to briefly you update on has what been happening in the Netherlands recently.
spite In of the that the decision Government UK taken on has Britain not joining the single currency in the first phase I think the vast that majority of people in this House recognise that it is the determination the new of government and of the presidency to safely and securely bring about the phase final of the EMU.
It to aims learn lessons from the tragic 'Bayer affair' at the very time when problems the by posed the molecule cerivastatin have been raised in once again United the States.
Such agreement is, by very its always nature, compromise a but, as said, I we all have reason to satisfied be with this particular compromise.
concerned. is it always useful to hear your on recommendations the practical aspects of the I do get the idea, however, that you not are overly Commissioner, euro.
The review of Construction Products Directive 89/106/EEC in this is a context much boost needed which should help sector, the specifically by removing barriers to trade for manufacturers, on the one hand, and by helping companies stay in business and workers remain employment, in on the other.
We therefore expect initiatives ambitious you from and your team.
However, it sad is that Mrs Záborská didn't her follow logic to its and conclusion forgot only the measure which would really be able to give both freedom of choice and promote a rise in rates birth by getting rid of financial the constraint, namely, parental the that wage the Front National has been advocating for years.
A that point has been missed in this debate, Mr as Landsbergis has just reminded and us as Mr van us Dalen reminded earlier, is that this a is proposal.
Only 15% of Germans are favour in Turkey of gaining full membership the of European Union 60% , of Germans support that special form of cooperation that call we a privileged partnership, 22% are generally cooperation against between Turkey and the European Union and 3% only expressed no opinion.
would ask the Committee to that ensure the internal market is not We disrupted.
The action which Commission the can relates take to the specific guidelines.
thorough The grooming proposed today allows European to farmers keep the positive aspects of multifunctionality strengthening by rural the development, system of modulation allowing them pass to from the first the to second pillar.
considers the on Commission Human Rights be to an appropriate framework for promoting this It objective.
I have to endeavoured direct this work such in a way that the new will Commission be free to decide when it wants to bring this forward innovation act.
The extent of child poverty is staggering, since, as my Members fellow have mentioned, every fifth child poverty, lives in of and course is this very closely linked to school leaving early.
Can you categorically confirm there no is BSE in other Member States, other than from the of export British animals?
Vice-President of the Commission. - I (FR) am happy to reply to Jensen's Mrs question.
There are a few which points I should to like make about some of what has been said.
Only in this way can it successfully be promoted and marketed. And innovation is ultimately also of to consumers, benefit who consequently access have to better better and products.
is This report a of the which kind discusses how crime and criminal activity should be through prevented effective cooperation between the Member States.
Huge challenges lie ahead.
I especially wish to those thank who did the groundwork for me and who have me this supported in complicated, but interesting work.
I believe should it be put through as is.
On occasion, each I firmly reiterated our expectations with regard to how the should opposition dealt be with.
The example Swedish before liberalisation is illustration an of this.
Polish have fishermen joined the increasing criticism of the archaic data base that is too heavily based on estimates.
As is well known, the States United and Russia developing are a new alternative to the Convention: controlled and self-destructing mines.
Today's vote paves way the for REACH to enter into force at beginning the of the second half of 2007.
It quite is clear from the annexes that the radio also equipment must undergo the necessary tests.
The Commission, Mr Rehn, must not afraid be doing of this.
We are conscious that some in circumstances such sanctions hurt can the very people are they designed to help.
We call this for country to respect the right of the which opposition, all we know extremely receives poor treatment.
effect The this of will be that thousands of employees on Baltic the will lose their jobs, and tens of of thousands employees at factories that work the with shipyards, both in Poland and in other EU countries, will likewise out be of work.
It is vital we that succeed this time round, and support I Irish the presidency’s desire to clarify advance in whether we achieve can a positive outcome.
As we strive to make integrate, is migrants it especially important to give more support to language courses; integration is a process, dual in which migrants and the host country participate.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
The extra burden associated with this on environment may the perhaps be reduced if the VAT directive is amended.
Revision of the directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment give should consideration to goals which are only not ambitious, but which are more also from realistic the point of view of the Member new States.
We must continue therefore with our efforts.
I on call the rating agencies to shed further light on how they determine their sovereign ratings, while also asking the sector explain to and their methodologies why ratings their diverge of from the forecasts the main international financial institutions.
This must be done with States, the Member who share responsibility the for implementation, and a in constructive dialogue with the social partners.
On the whole, the has Commission responded positively, and this now has to be set within the of context the more general Commission reform.
Jean-Claude Trichet is, every as French person knows, one of the instigators of a policy that sacrifices, which has sacrificed and which continues deliberately to sacrifice to growth the dogma Malthusian of stability.
A structural of line the attack, on other taking hand, the principles of rule of law into consideration - and the latter vitally is important - is very welcome.
It took real courage moral to write this sentence 20 years war, after the when the suffering that Poland had experienced under Nazi occupation was fresh still people’s in minds.
Fisheries needs to on stand their own two feet.
We have brought the document as far as we with can the but I Commission, would say that, we for if vote it today, you must immediately instruct our Committee Constitutional on Affairs to take up the question of delineating the rules in the House that will make it easier rapporteurs for make to either requests of chairmen their or of the other bodies named in this document.
the three changes are all improvements to the pragmatic previous institutional architecture but, together taken with fact the the that European Council now becomes an institution in its own right, they give European the Council a better of fulfilling chance its task under the treaties of '[defining] the general political directions and priorities [of Union]'. These
For the ferry companies in those countries, today's decision will far-reaching have no consequences.
Sellafield is most the famous.
I am aware very the of fact as that soon as a social directive is issued, very discussions extensive on employment will follow immediately.
the fact that information attacks on systems are constantly increasing, it a is time critical to have effective security measures place in in order to protect the integrity of Europe's information Given systems.
Or, the as late, great Elvis Presley said: "It's or now never, ....
The cannot Commission also accept Amendment No because 14, that would disturb the overall balance of the proposal.
You have my that word these areas of health will be regulated.
Václav Havel provides me with the words and I thoughts to express need my feelings and conclude my this remarks afternoon.
In the case in point, the plan is seemingly to make the European Parliament express an essentially on negative opinion a law Lithuanian the - full content of which is unknown - with the laudable aim of protecting while minors, surreptitiously imposing a position that the individual Member States have left been to at establish their own discretion.
Even European law specialists hold fundamentally views different about how this matter can, or will, actually be out fleshed in reality.
Without these, this strategy be cannot implemented.
There are countless regulations here and are these of course very in important the individual countries.
This be might appropriate in some there cases, but are also sectors which should be collectivised in order to social security provide for our citizens.
I accept however that there those are in Russia, the outside government, who are not to committed a positive relationship and who might deliberately misinterpret our motives.
That clearly our manifests position.
What will it do for me?
Martens Report (A4-0274/97)
We should therefore maintain the practice of observing elections, we but limit must not ourselves to such in actions the fight to establish an authentic liberal democracy.
a you tell that if I were behave to on my farm in the way that much of industry, including the food industry, does, people would come not back; or, if they did, it would with be a stick in order to teach me I lesson!
I see it as scandalous absolutely that, for example, only eight States Member to have date started to offer national programmes mammography for screening to even all, though, according WHO, to this cuts the mortality by rate up to 36%, and even though quality the guidelines for this were presented as ago long as 1992.
This is in preference highlighting to the differences between countries with small, traditional ships that sail year out all round and countries with large, state-of-the-art ships which need to remain docked part of for the time.
President, I Madam just to want make it clear that although was I I present did not take part in the vote, because it seems to me that this is the first time we have voted on nothing in Parliament! this
I have voted in of favour the report, because it adequately presents the factors many involved.
Mr President, could by I begin congratulating Mr on Parish bringing forward a very excellent report.
Police numbers being are cut and prisoners released are being because we cannot afford to keep them in prison.
We need comprehensive protection in this area.
We must be fully aware the of fact that in intervening immediate the post-crisis phase means that we have to accept higher political technical and risks.
The Green provides Paper a response to a real need on the part Member States of promote to the image of their agricultural products, especially the in benefits terms of quality, both among European consumers and consumers in other countries.
Today nations are as interdependent once as they were independent.
has Council taken no decision on the need to adopt social a clause in the WTO rules or pressure to exert on countries practising social The dumping.
Will measures and programmes be introduced combat to corruption?
we Where in the Socialist a Group have reservation is on the legal control of subsidiarity.
This does pose not a threat to privacy, individual but it does represent a boost to at enhanced security football matches.
I would also advocate market regulation in the dairy sector, from production to marketing.
I appreciate that there are working women's movements to enhance the dignity of women.
Why more stringent standards should apply in the of area nutrition animal do than in field the of food production, is incomprehensible.
The Parliament European puts that famous expression 'do as I not say, I as do' into practice.
I have related a point.
the recommendation for second on reading, of behalf Committee the Tourism, on Transport and on the Council common position (05726/2/2008 - C6-0223/2008 - for adopting a regulation of the Parliament of European and the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey (recast) organisations (Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual).
The report the by heads of published mission, on 15 September, states that although appears it that inter-ethnic intolerance has the increased, incidents – disquieting however – have been generally on small a scale there and does not seem to be a clear trend.
that. impact of a reformed agricultural policy one is the of variables the new financial consensus need will to take into be Others will in actual convergence the areas classed as Objective 1 at the time, and the effect statistical will have an impact on The account.
22.
One might the question wisdom of choosing this slow, drawn-out aid procedure instead of other effective faster, more of forms aid that would have reached already Pakistan by now.
your question had to do position with the of the German Government, then I hope that answer the I given have is sufficient for If you.
Instead, I would to like this see become 'archipelago regions' , in other words, areas where water divides the land and with brings it for the a need totally different social structure.
However, it when comes the possibility of the Member concluding States the agreements themselves, as a nationalist I am of pleased course with hope this that and it is a not process that is necessarily in limited scope and time.
This concludes my comments the on Berès report.
Friends speak must clearly to each it other; is with friends that we must maintain good relations and also speak very honestly.
It is absolutely that essential we rewrite the rules but we cannot ask working to people pay a price - which to amounts bankruptcy in many European countries - which is not theirs to pay.
You, Santer, Mr repeatedly have said that one of your priorities to was strengthen or a introduce new budgetary and administrative culture.
In respect, this though, there is still quite a to bit be done.
I am (HU) very pleased that by signing up to most the European human fundamental rights document, the European Union taking is another step towards developing a truly unified Europe and enhancing is credibility its when it against intervenes human rights violations in third countries.
of proposals the accepted not by the Council have since been reinstated and attempts have been made to clarify Some others.
Remember European the company: have we not reached yet unanimity over the European company, but hundreds of thousands of are companies demanding it.
WTO Millennium Round
This means being and open accommodating.
Mr a stable Ruffolo, and credible euro will not, in the medium and term, long be a consequence of monetary policy, either solely or even primarily.
Ladies and gentlemen, the of establishment the European Action External Service is an exceptional project and particularly worthy of support.
The Turkish Court of Appeal' s decision to uphold the death pronounced on sentence the Kurdish leader, Öçalan, was Abdullah worrying, although expected.
When it came to presidential the elections, two candidates were pre-selected the at so outset, that, when one of was them elected and newly legitimised, they would say yes where the French wanted say to no.
We also need to see how many percent way by of a reduction we can with manage and over period what of time.
We not, did however, have any objection to Mr Buttiglione’s being appointed to Commission another post.
It seems that many their people of it believe is all a matter for government.
The Commission states in its report that there is to nothing indicate that free movement has led to disturbances any in Member State.
Implementing these measures is one only part a huge of initiative intended to increase and facilitate the frequency with security and which public defence-related procurement projects will undertaken, be obviously in accordance with international conventions.
Mr President, gender should equality be not something with which we concern ourselves on just one day per year.
If we go for 150 grammes it will lead to a of failure the agreement. The position Council common will unravel, and collapse.
As you know, the European Training Foundation born was of the out political will expressed by the of heads state and government when they met here in Strasbourg in December 1989.
It is apparent that these are policies becoming dependent increasingly on the EU’s ability to conclude Partnership and Cooperation Agreements on readmissions, returns, of the strengthening capacities, border control and police and judicial or cooperation, other in words set on a of agreements with countries third which are not subject to codecision.
Women’s . – Mr President. Commissioner, I am pleased to see you, a female Member of the Commission, here on International Day.
Even though he wrote that thousands years of ago, his still appeal is extremely topical.
Family reunification measures must be in adopted with accordance the obligation protect to life family and the prohibition of discrimination.
It will continue at 3 p.m.
In this will case, it be France who will bear the major of costs enlargement and of the cap on spending.
Why can modern democracies not meet the standards expected of civilised societies this in matter?
The came to Committee an that agreement there would be no place in this for report the provisions to be worked out for the services that directive, and would, we instead, discuss these issues in the on report directive, that which is where they belong.
issue is becoming important increasingly Union in policy and this Communication is a step in this This direction.
I consider the applause which gave you Mr this Solana morning and now the applause for the speech made by Mr to Cohn-Bendit be the opportunism of worst kind.
I do not that think there is much of a of distinction substance to be drawn between this case and the way which in corrupt regimes African grant licenses for the extraction of materials, raw of part with the license fees or indeed of the proceeds going straight into the ruler's personal bank account.
They have to send promised the Commission a detailed report on the events which took place, and the also on taken actions in order to guarantee respect for fundamental the rights all of persons concerned.
President, Mr the prospect of Europol as an effective to instrument combat organised crime has been held for out longer than I have been in this House.
every constitutional obstacle the to of application the European arrest warrant needs to be Thirdly, removed.
These measures and a definition of sharing the of responsibilities between the EU and Member the States will contribute to creating the conditions for small and enterprises medium-sized to (SMEs) invest abroad.
These were three difficult years presented that numerous challenges.
(ES) Madam President, this afternoon's debate clearly reveals this that House supports and is achieving indeed on set a strong common agricultural policy can that rise to the challenges of food safety, environmental sustainability and in employment rural areas.
How is the to fund be made up?
We cannot escape from reality this and we need also to it consider from European a perspective, because the situation demands it.
They have warned against the creation of a European and superstate denounced and shortcomings, have they come out in opposition to mistakes made in the past.
This was an issue which Ken Stewart fought and long for hard in his years in this Parliament and he would be pleased most the that Commission investigating is this.
Many have colleagues indicated that they would to like speak.
murder The of Chechnya’s Maskhadov, elected president, not will make a political solution any easier.
Commission begs to The differ.
That is why there is a separate budget line.
This report follows on, a to certain from extent, the which report produced for I the European Parliament at the same point two years ago.
In the plan Commission's of action, which the PPE Group endorses, as Oostlander's Arie report excellent made clear, discrimination based on race, origin and creed is to combated be more by effectively means of practicable measures.
This has issue been furthered both through statements political in and the form of funding on the part of Commission the to tune the of EUR 500 000 in order to consolidate the first of stage peace the process.
I think we should go success and for new give the company better opportunities by letting it be independent and not in involved political decision-making.
Without doubt, we will need to maintain the balance struck, as a result detailed of consultation with those involved, directly between the of needs industry and the promotion of research, on one the hand, and animal welfare, the on other.
We have therefore voted against this report.
You know that there are no health criteria.
We are still considering whether it is or wise, possible viable to have a fund which can be more used easily to react to, prevent, prepare for or natural catastrophes.
have held inter-parliamentary conferences here in this House, with an number of ever-increasing participants from the We parliaments.
European The Union is naturally prepared study to formulae other along with the Russians for funding bring which the of standard living the of inhabitants of Kaliningrad line into with the general economic context of the area surrounding it, essentially the two Member Poland and States, Lithuania, which we hope will very soon be members of our Union.
You will understand, however, that I am a for stickler dogma and that I am to obliged take the into texts otherwise account, I could blamed be for this.
According to ECB estimates, some four fifths of unemployment in is structural nature.
I do not think that has far so adequately been discussed.
That remind should us where intolerance and lead racism - this and European Union ensure must that it never happens again.
life. in - 'Every person shall have the right to writing.
second reading, at the rapporteur, Mrs Rothe, and the shadow rapporteurs have continued to improve the Now, proposals.
Of course, we add should to these the consideration culture of structural in the fund, which is a fundamental matter.
A knowledge-based economy requires a level of high education, as the text but states, it no makes mention the of fact a high that level of education has to based be on schooling that is also high right quality from a child’s first years at school.
Also, Lyon Mr alone referred to the historical basis.
It was incredibly worthwhile bringing three together groups, minority as they termed, are in one and the same report.
I do not believe that by introducing special categories of workers, we fulfil can our aims of providing basic level protection in for all the workers transport industry.
Yet this was just another dream.
Mr Seeber has underlined that any future change regime climate will have to build on broad participation on all major emitters and is that of importance key if our cooperation is be to truly efficient.
The Council pointing keeps out the necessity for cohesion levels at all in the implementation of agreements international on the environment.
He insisted upon placing the rope around her neck himself.
I Mr President, am grateful to Mr Sylla for withdrawing these two amendments.
If you think it about for just a moment will soon you come to the that conclusion this cannot be true.
First, it must not reverse the already progress made towards specifically integration. I share the expressed concern by Commissioner Barnier in this regard.
was surprised I that Mr Batten thought his group would be affected.
believe I that the report that now is before us receive will broad support in this House.
We must reduce all unnecessary emissions reduce and transport.
the It states following: "In the shortage case of certain of plasma solely products, and with regards to the importation into the EU from countries outside of the EU, the Member States may permit to exemptions the directive provided the and quality safety requirements laid down are met."
I have listened to the equivocal somewhat talk silences and on the part of the Council in which, view, my need clarifying.
these two categories results of involve huge in reductions legal certainty and, if this continues, development the criterion of success shall we be able, in a few years’ time, to use in characterising the project EU will be the blackly humorous one found in the saying, ‘The operation was a but success, the patient Together, died.’
That is the way things are. Anything else would also, course, of be objectionable, and unacceptable impossible for politicians the the in new Member States to referendums hold on.
The in problems the EU and fisheries aquaculture should sector be solved in the context the of forthcoming review of the common fisheries policy.
We in Parliament have a role to play here, in ensuring we that remain aware the of role Ombudsman's and of informing citizens this right.
At the top of the list we have which life, sacred, is life and above all the embryo.
That the is purpose of the new regulation, which replaces a directive the and at same time tightens up the conditions that companies must meet.
This policy of sanctions is based well-defined on of principles human rights and international law, which are fortified by UN numerous Union and documents.
Ultimately, the areas of private data life, protection and the rights of also citizens are and affected, potentially, also jeopardised by this.
Tirana. will be between close liaison the force commander and the OSCE representative in There
It is not a case of our interfering in the internal that of affairs country but, the on contrary, of helping the people Kyrgyz to once trust again in democracy.
The time has come for us take to this risk in a last attempt to put an to this end practice barbaric which such is an insult to human the family.
Member No State on its own can effectively resolve the problems of air control traffic safety or in the air.
am I sure, Mr President, that in this way we will be able to avoid exponential an increase in measures, criteria duplicated as well and as- I shall end here - excessive transposition work, in order to the ensure best future possible for enlargement the of the Union.
Or no alternatively, software program is they patentable: fall all under the international laws of copyright.
However, I have to say you to that my group the deplores fact that several dossiers at this moment are blocked in Council.
These choices are the responsibility of the Member States, which must freely decide what energy their mix will be.
We a therefore have situation that is out of kilter, in that the laws impose but equality society to continues accept a that model fails to value undertaken work by women.
On the global aspect, sourcing alternative an solution have would been to the limit provision to catches inside the 200-mile exclusive economic zone (EEZ), rather than any in waters.
I hope that the report adopted is without difficulty here tomorrow.
European in Council - Cardiff activities during the British presidency
The associated legal and financial such obligations, as, observing standards wages and on working conditions, and, the payment taxes of and social contributions are security also thereby externalised to subcontractors and employment agencies.
Europe must greater show courage, must it have the heart of a and lion not be a chicken.
In return Bulgaria, many years after of underdevelopment, will have to assume the of reform, challenges and clear the political will of provisional the Government to implement such reforms is This determination we will, hope, be ratified after the elections general on 19 April. heartening.
They are of Roma origin, they are forced beg, to they are not they vaccinated, not do go school to and they live absolutely in deplorable sanitary conditions.
The best will measures be unless ineffectual they are based on a correct diagnosis.
present At the stage, the allied forces are responsible for security consolidating and providing humanitarian aid with the presence of Member States of European the Union; however, the and assistance support of the international community as a are whole needed for there be a to fast, efficient and operational return to normalcy.
Having said Romania all that, is very a different today, country a very difference place from the Romania of ten years ago.
This proposal for directive a provides for prohibiting the use of gender as a in factor calculating insurance premiums and financial other services.
Prime Minister Aznar's words to the effect that we all join must forces to tackle the extremely thorny issue of illegal immigration are of the confirmation will for Europe to have a foreign single and security policy.
that, On Commissioner, I agree with you entirely.
The draft constitutional also treaty aims to that strengthen power.
even if we tobacco stop growing in Europe, it does not mean that the reduction European in tobacco cultivation will reduce the smoking Second, population.
The new introduces regulation many benefits.
– The report, Council the and Commission decisions the and debate in European Parliament the with coincide the 7th anniversary the of dirty US-ΝΑΤΟ-ΕU war against Yugoslavia and the organised murder of Milosevic.
I am addressing the President-in-Office of the when Council I my express fervent hope particularly that, difficult in this situation, we shall succeed in arriving at a sensible, compromise workable regarding the Directive on energy and end-use efficiency energy services.
Commission The is committed to come up with relevant and proposals, to implement the actions to prevent and to combat various forms criminal activities, of or organised otherwise.
Sadly, it is the not first time that has happened this in Parliament.
The common agricultural policy must for that reason alone undergo far-reaching changes.
2005, In we, the European Union, everyone encouraged in Ethiopia, the including representatives of the Oromo people, to in take part elections the in order to help introduce a democratic system.
Be that as it may, it has been great to work with you.
We must out reach to civil society and the media, and the all media seminars that are being by planned the are Austrian Presidency very welcome.
In the Treaty there is external no common security policy.
As as far I I am concerned, have done my duty and I too ask Presidency for the this point to be postponed, so as to allow Parliament to its express opinion.
They have a difficult balancing act to between perform and tradition the pressures of modernity.
This deprives consumers of the best that companies across Europe can offer in of terms choice, in of flexibility terms and, course, of price.
The key is stamp to it out in the world if at all possible.
Europeans, now from on, will be entitled to the right to from withdraw the contract when they purchase items on online auction platforms such as eBay.
The whole range of concerns has our put been before in us more no than some forty minutes, and I now find it difficult to respond to all these things the with necessary brevity.
What is more, if, during the construction of home, a there happens to a be building worker who is either foolish or dishonest, and does not the pour necessary of amount concrete into the foundations as called for the design, in then the will home be crooked.
Agriculture has become an industry.
Equality,. Swedish Conservatives have today, 25 February 2010, voted in of favour resolution the on Beijing +15 - UN for Action Platform for Gender The
As Robertson George has being said, ready for battle is like you pregnancy: either are or you are not!
With regard to the report by Mrs I believe Kauppi, paragraph that 16, on the mechanisms which have been proposed applied and - and which the Commission has already implemented - resolve to cross-border extrajudicial disputes relating financial to services, essential is to overcoming possible problems at Member State level.
Again Kosovo is of evidence this.
These values really look quite respectable.
I certainly hope that in next the few weeks we can thing sort this out.
Certain press reports alleged have that this is merely a formality.
Basically, all we did was to raise hopes and dash then them again.
Public money has a decisive role to play in halting the of scourge the rural exodus people's and descent into poverty when they reach the large which cities, leads to their emigrating of out despair.
The taken Commission has due note of the technical that difficulties could arise during the of fitting such instruments to existing vessels.
Nevertheless, there if is much too freedom, it could divert Hungary from away its expressing national identity and benefit only non-European productions.
At the on Committee Civil Liberties and Internal months Affairs some ago we heard some from the of Italian prosecutors involved in the corruption trials in Italy.
President, Mr this afternoon we are due to vote on the Tillich but report, I would like to attention draw an to error.
Question No 62 by Carlos Ojeda Bautista (H-0471/02):
Our health systems usually are gender-blind.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, I believe the regulation that will allow us to achieve two main security objectives: on the one hand and more a citizen-friendly approach on the other.
Personally, I endorse fully the idea of ownership unbundling, but I am well aware that unbundling could under no be circumstances imposed in my country at this time.
Many of them, as those show, figures are children.
'Pays tribute the to participation of observers from third countries, such as Switzerland, Norway and Canada, EU in electoral observation missions'.
There should be also immediate 100% compensation the for animals slaughtered on these farms.
Mr ladies President, and gentlemen, the resignation of Commission the was justified and necessary on the of basis the Wise Men's and report, I pleased am to see so many of my honourable colleagues coming out support in this of report its and outcome, even they though originally the opposed of appointment the Committee of Wise Men.
we Once have held the debate, I be shall able to inform the Institute of the that position the European Parliament clearly has adopted.
in writing. - (FR) What purpose served is by Mrs del Castillo Vera's report?
would I like to say the to that honourable Members yesterday, on the occasion of the of meeting the Council of Ministers for Transport, I said that if the Council had modified the initial Commission’s proposed projects – even if it was a single modification, dealt and with supported by Van the Miert Group, but which had initially not been given the light green by the States – we would have to allow act Parliament to a similar in way.
country Each should thus be able refrain to from receiving subsidies and so be able to its reduce total gross contribution the to EU.
Whilst recognise I need the for public debate on foreign and defence towards policy setting out Parliament's future policies on this I welcome matter, the of drafting this report and hope that the EU continues to develop an effective which multilateralism, is one of the hallmarks of geostrategic its concerns.
There was a lack of political imagination, and of a vision a of Europe fully committed to solidarity.
problem The of the firm then becomes problem a of various countries and solution a at the European level becomes very difficult.
We going are to have to take immediate action in both areas in order fill to the blank spaces Ireland's in blueprint as quickly as possible.
If we to manage highlight such positive aspects of the policies of the European and Union people make clearly aware benefits of the they derive from the European Union, we shall begin to restore confidence public the in Union.
As that report, it is essential to appreciate just how important deep-water coral reefs are for the marine with ecosystem.
The person with strongest the must convictions never simplify the debate to the point that where person is the only one expressing point a of view.
The main problem that is many do refugees not want to return to their homes if a different ethnic group is now in power.
yet, And for some reason during the past decade, an apathy, an ignorance about or Europe the European project has into seeped the Irish society, into European society.
I have listened not carefully, only to this discussion, but to other on this commentary proposal for considerable some time.
We also ask to allowed be to point out that big promises were made to the Norrland of region in Sweden connection with the referendum.
Union. – President, Madam I would like to thank, very warmly and most sincerely, those all Members this of House who have spoken, most of whom make the same in speech every debate on Turkey, in order to make plain it that they do want Turkey or not in Turks the European
You will see that it is a serious matter.
By denying we that, do the people Iraq of a disservice double and the deaths go on.
As soon as an act of terrorism is suspected, the US authorities should be obliged notify to the corresponding judicial police and authorities the in Member States, as well as the corresponding EU institutions, Europol namely Eurojust. or
wish to thank all the members staff of Court and the of Auditors their good for cooperation throughout the year and for the Court's recommendations, which are indispensable if the European Budget is to be put to good use properly and I administered.
In these circumstances, must I find a balance.
In any the case debate is closed.
President, Mr I am speaking on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
What will after happen the election?
And, firstly, I like to would thank Mr van Velzen for the way has which in he the accepted conclusions of the opinion of the on Committee Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights conclusions - which were by approved a vote of 10 to 1 in favour because, - for reasons of procedure, he made has them his own by submitting to them this part-session as amendments.
the secretariat the of Johannesburg Energy Renewable Coalition we have launched two key initiatives to support, in particular, the developing members country of the Through coalition.
Commission The believes that the constitute proposals good a basis for an agreement for the next financial perspective.
This will prevent differing treatment within a single family.
We ought, though, to decide one way or another.
What an interesting idea!
I will go in a couple of time weeks' to Debrecen, in Hungary, to the 'Week of of innovative regions where Europe' conference, all the regions will come together to talk about concept the smart of specialisation.
In view their of cross-border nature, implementing these projects successfully will not only depend on providing funding but also on the political will intentions and of the Member States involved.
Greece. found that report the could inspire similar a policy for countries with island regions, especially archipelagos and also areas, like mountainous my country, I
That would entail full the publication detailed of information relating to the notification.
Energy efficiency is a priority policy for the European Union given the to need preserve and maximise and resources fulfil the commitments it that has in climate made combating change.
let us not forget the international level, which goes beyond Europe, here and I would just mention the standards ISO an as But example.
It is imperative that the GMO should legislation be revised and tightened - up and preferably than now rather in the future.
Minutes of forthcoming sittings: see Dates
Earth observation is particularly important this in respect.
Hungary. law is only one element in a of series worrying developments in This
Moreover, we are silent on the issue Chechnya. of
The Seppänen makes report an excellent proposal there.
Mr President, thank you, Commissioner, your for presentation.
I to have clear make to you that the Commission is unable impose prices to itself, but it can push a for downward revision of prices.
Mr President, honourable members Parliament, of I am very pleased to here be today, in the Parliament, European once again, after debate the we had to prior Cancún and now that the climate conference has produced an outcome.
How? 
We can surely all agree on the of adoption the draft resolution, in the hope that measures initiated by the assist EU may the Zimbabwe, people of who terrorised are by their to reverse, government, with the assistance of civic opposition and leaders, the current difficult situation in the by country means are that as peaceful as possible.
This directive should not be extended, but limited.
It is the dimension, it is the relationship between and migration the development, relationship between European the Union and the developing world countries which are countries mainly of origin of immigrants and political refugees.
That is the where people are, that where is truth the is, that is where the problem is.
President, Madam I am sorry.
The debate is closed.
The EU no has excuse for not using the most advanced technical available, resources using if them can mean avoiding the loss of human life.
It is positive that the regulation avoids a one-size-fits-all approach.
Therefore, particularly in the interests of SMEs consumers and who, if are they going to believe in Europe, need clear, transparent and effective legislation, hope I that the Commission will very adopt soon this overall, consistent approach that we need in field of food the sector legislation.
In the Minutes of the Turin European Council we notice that, if Europe were to advance only in the economic and monetary fields, its success not would - be guaranteed I am quoting from memory here - because we would be forgetting most the important thing Europe has: its citizens.
I ask therefore the Commission to subject agreement the with Morocco to further careful scrutiny and not it to sign until it has undergone further a review.
on behalf of my group, I wish to announce intention our to make issue an of Speaking this.
There are still shortcomings and my who colleagues will speak later deal will with these.
on behalf of the Group. Verts/ALE - Mr President, we welcome the progress made the by Republic Moldova of and hope that the forthcoming electoral can process further the consolidate institutions democratic and ensure respect for the of rule and law of human rights Moldova. in
opinion polls, The at in least France, show that percentage the of people who envisage opening an account euros in the in near future has falling been regularly since 1 January 1999 and today only constitutes a small minority.
Question 40 No by Elly Plooij-van Gorsel (H-0402/03):
The force, presidential security led by the dictator's responded son, to their protest rally on 22 January by 59 killing and people wounding 150 others.
For years, some however, the economy European has been in difficulty and this threatens of one the pillars of our Union: our economic and social model.
there was a European foreign policy strategy today, already the equilibrium of the in EU that regard would be much better, for example, concerning the movements in the Arab world and the double even or standards triple applied towards countries the this from If region.
The second is a European stronger Union is that more able to act externally than the 1995, EU of when the Agenda New Transatlantic was furthermore, agreed; soon it will be an EU buttressed with the of Treaty Lisbon's instruments on foreign and policy defence.
The people of have Europe a say in matter and this they must be respected.
I therefore once welcome more principles the we can see in report the by Mr Fernandes.
But I may take this opportunity point to out in all modesty that the European Parliament has cultivated very close relations with American Latin parliamentarians for years now; fact, in the relations longest-standing between European the Parliament and other parliaments are with Latin and America to date back early the 1970s.
In Amendment 45 No we set have up economic frameworks and want have to more money things for to with do energy and the environment.
Member of Commission. the - Mr President, let me first thank Members for the discussion in this House, and four make points.
Likewise, welcoming whilst proposals the for hazard analysis and control points critical systems, Agriculture the Committee is concerned that should there be an assessment of their impact on small farmers and food processors, who should continue to guided be by clear regulations.
But they cannot be the only very reason. The fact that our trade with the regions crisis, in such as Russia, Brazil and South-East Asia, accounts a for minimal of percentage GNP the the of European Union shows this that factor is not solely for responsible the slowdown.
During their in development, 2009, July guidelines by proposed the Commission on state aid were adopted, establishing that banks needing aid financial to the tackle crisis should also subjected be to stress tests.
Mr President, hate I to to have prolong this further.
Independent trade unions been have the among key organisers of the opposition to the Lukashenko regime, they but now are fighting for their survival and under existence the tyranny.
However, there is no that doubt there is too complacency much about corporate governance in issues the United States and about the assumption that the Lisbon agenda just will some be in way without delivered there being marked change here within Europe.
One reason the is rain, of course, another but that is no measures to retain water this temporarily have been taken in the upper river basin.
Consequently, principal the challenge consists of effectively accommodating trade and non-trade concerns.
With to regard the structural we measures, satisfaction can take from the that fact the Commission is proposing to raise Structural assistance Fund rates and the subsidy public limit for the outermost regions, even though the aim is really to enable these regions to regain funding levels close to those force in in the programming previous period.
Yet improving infrastructure would cost more in my part of England than the of whole the budget allocated to this scheme.
Finally, with regard to structural policies, rapporteur your approves the Commission recommendations, whether they relate to product capital markets, services, job or markets.
In the meantime, the separatist conflict has claimed already over 120 000 victims.
However, this on debate the Luxembourg presidency has turned into a on debate European the crisis.
At this stage, then, in humble my opinion, be we should wary of delivering too many homilies countries to such as Bulgaria.
awareness So education are and the best policy, together with labelling, which is very We have letters; we have Eurobarometer. important.
these conditions, it is very difficult, Mr President-in-Office, to Yugoslavia force to that make little extra effort that still is possible so that the situation in Kosovo does not In explode.
should like to see all the subsequent Presidencies showing kind this of We goodwill.
Despite pitfalls the and the that difficulties faced, we succeeded we in reaching an agreement and we have this budget, is which much more than just budget: a it will provide also concrete results for the citizens with regard to mobility, youth, the Funds Structural will that be able be to released for those European that regions really need them, the External Action and Service financial the agencies.
That is to the say, Bolkestein directive is now topical more than ever!
Socrates Programme
It not is an easy proposal it since touches upon issues which involve many interests, sectors and different ministries in Member States, for culture, instance trade and industry, and economy justice.
This directive proposes introduction the of minimum information and standards consultation would which throughout be implemented Union territory: after the European Company Statute, the Works European Council Directive and the Charter of Fundamental Rights, the directive before us completes today the Community existing and national frameworks, contributing thus to ultimate the purpose of the in law question is which to ensure that adequate preparations are made for the that change, restructuring place takes under acceptable conditions and that due importance is given to the employment objective in the current situation.
Lastly, so far have we been after informed event the about the Council's decisions on the CFSP.
By staying they out are weakening themselves and they are us making weaker.
I once heard former a member of the of Council Ministers that say he put question the informally all to of the finance ministers who were seated around the table: ' What are NCAs?' .
Mr President, Government the of Venezuela is to intending abrogate laws, two will which allow mining and logging to resume in the Amazonas rainforest.
To our Polish friends, would say, we moreover: congratulations on your national day.
In the last few weeks, the as Council has just said, the European Union, the United States and the UN been putting on have intense pressure through their special envoys to persuade the FDL put to an end to systematic the violations human of rights and allow humanitarian agents and in particular the HCR free to access the refugees.
we What are now experiencing in some of countries the eastern of and central demonstrates Europe why we must build the anew international economic cooperation to help whenever countries are they in times of need.
With to regard public relations, within framework the of the action 'The Future of Europe' the , Commission is going to launch a large-scale operation of listening to the citizens, in order to better identify the information that wish they to receive, by they whom wish to be informed, where what and by means of information.
The European institutions and the Turkish should authorities learn this from wisdom at long last.
Representatives of the European Community' s Humanitarian Organisation have taken in part an assessment the of the of size package aid needed together with the Indonesian authorities and international organisations.
Allow to explain as follows: from our viewpoint the Charter is a political declaration and is only politically me binding.
That clearly is going be to not very significant, only for Europe, but for business round the whole world.
Mr President, was I pleased to support own-initiative this report on the importance Structural of Funds EU to as cohesion, in we Scotland have vast experience of the using to funds develop our peripheral areas and regenerate our urban centres.
new a MEP for Nürnberg, I cannot therefore vote in favour this of As report.
You are talking about the measuring social impact the of European Union's policies.
an As let example me just mention the proposal that the part the of in VOCs the paint which reacts to form the coating film remaining on the painted surface should be not included assessing when compliance the with content VOC limit value.
Patient .    mobility is a complex issue view in of the between differences national systems healthcare and medical care traditions.
task This has been all made the more difficult by Commission the the defying of views the Member States in the reform of the common fisheries policy.
This means increasing our commitment indigenous to energy, especially including renewables and nuclear power.
the On one hand developed the countries undertook to provide billions in of dollars new resources, but, for their part, the African governments committed themselves to good governance, and democracy human rights and the rule of law.
personally I very much hope that the idea of the office paperless and perhaps even of paperless a Parliament, by of virtue the Internet, will not give just rise to quiet smiles but actually become a reality.
He has been unwilling even the to meet representative of UNESCO, who travelled to Kandahar see to him.
(DE) Mr the President, concept of disaster prevention, particularly where Hungarian our friends are concerned, clearly deserves a great deal attention of because went something wrong when dealing with toxic the sludge disaster in Hungary last October.
Lessons need to learned be from the of mistakes the past.
I should emphasize that these for all countries further major efforts are for needed their accession to be possible in mid-term, the as emerges from the individual opinions.
gives It it flexibility a and task to but perform, in a steady, logical for way it which will no doubt come back to this House for approval.
The conference was held directly the under auspices of the and Presidency constituted one of the Presidential events.
Vienna. The Parliament asks that the agreement on down shutting the dangerous reactors at Koslodui should be adhered to, an issue which must certainly also be raised at the in Council European European
also We welcome appointment the of a coordinator for matters of internal security, and, in Mr Gijs de Vries, a former of Member this we House, have found an excellent for this candidate position.
am I confident that people Europe take throughout the same of view things: Eurobarometer, for constantly example, echoes the popular desire Europe that should speak to the world with a single voice.
This programming accompanied is by an increase in the resources in the PACT to budget 35 million ECU over six years.
What I want to talk about is the Penhallow fire - which have mentioned I before in this House - a fire which disaster took place 17 on and 18 last August year in my constituency.
A (DA) wealth possibilities of exist for regulating a currency country's provided - that country has its independence.
It is important so remember to that this financial crisis has human face a as well and face that represented is quite often by the already most marginalised in society.
I am also improper political against divides in partisan terms.
The working cannot class expect solution any in its favour on behalf the of EU, the European Parliament or political plutocracy's personnel.
Parliament's position on the new 2011 Draft Budget as by modified the ( Council
Therefore, at this stage, the Commission can only make a preliminary analysis, as the view precise on the interaction of the with constitution law Union and its legal effects can only be fully evaluated taking into when account the implementing legislative, and judicial administrative practice based on it.
Together with the rapporteur, we welcome the progress made in setting up budgetary new accounting and which tools ensure will greater transparency within Dublin the Foundation. We also welcome the signature cooperation of a agreement between this Foundation and the European Agency for and Safety Health in Bilbao in order to prevent needless waste and overlap developing while all possible cooperation.
while both Commission the and proposal the report fail to the highlight tragic consequences of this action fail and to hold it accountable, the report basically calls for fishing activities to frozen be introducing by "biological rest and areas" to measures develop which aquaculture, even the report itself questions at another And point.
It has taken much and time effort, but text the of common position the following considerable input of all three institutions provides a coherent of rules set and procedures for the future.
Mosiek-Urbahn report
We want a logical balanced and compromise that will cover all sectors of the Doha round.
It is really incomprehensible that no reciprocal have arrangements been proposed in order to negotiate with a partner, even if it is a friend.
It a is fact that errors major have once been again flagged the in of areas olive oil, the export subsidies and the structural funds.
If you can today say that you will do that, then our can be amendment dropped.
This is the reasoning behind the three amendments we are tabling in plenary, and I ask colleagues my to for vote them.
Therefore, comparisons must not be of made Belarus, which controlled is by a clear, transparent and might one say clinical example of a regime, with Ukraine, which is struggling with problems the of democratisation.
I would like also to how stress important it is for us to or facilitate, rather conditions improve, investments for in developing countries, including for European investments developing in countries.
We also a obtained reprieve on pensions.
the Given gravity of the situation, the Commission fully supported the publication on 3 by June the Council of presidency a declaration the by on Union Zimbabwe.
would also like to thank Mr Böge, Chairman, as whose energetic contribution did much to ensure achieved that we such a positive I outcome.
no 16 April another fax was sent. Again On reply.
Any the measure European Union decided to adopt would to need be necessary proportional and and need would to be notified to the Trade World Organization.
Pensions systems still reveal a lack of equality.
The victims of landmines being suffer horribly, literally blown to pieces.
Many (SV) thanks to you all for your and questions comments.
This has nothing absolutely to do with some form new of protectionism.
However, democracy is currently in a fragile and unstable state.
We cannot have a situation like we in had the Middle East crisis, with three or four delegations European running around each other.
After previously oppressed being in Soviet the Empire, new countries in central eastern and Europe are looking to the Union to their consolidate and economic political freedom.
We voting are against the motion the because policies the of and ?U the Member are States incompatible the with needs of farmers workers, and small and medium-sized enterprises and are dictated by serve and the interests of big business.
put We could an end to the travelling circus without changing the Treaty, doing by away with the superfluous mini sittings plenary in Brussels.
also I with join Mr in Kerr Mr thanking Stephen Hughes, cannot who be with us today, and all colleagues for extraordinary the work which has been accomplished over the past two years.
such, I As would like to warmly thank who those have worked on this resolution.
It is not welcome to one and opinion condemn another.
It sense makes that it is extremely economical with statistics.
We agree this with approach and despite lack the of funds, this s evening' result will serve to greatly boost this and strategy this opportunity for Europe, which will then give rise an to economic factor and a growth culture factor; then, and an aspect, institutional the basis a for structuring vast a community, for prerequisite economic growth, and not the complete as opposite, Europe, in its cultural habits, has perhaps been used to viewing things in the past.
Care be should taken ensure to that these two financial are instruments kept strictly separate from one other.
one Nevertheless, does sometimes hear strange arguments summer against time, such that as children in the sleep North cannot and that they go to bed late, that is to say only once it gets dark.
In a more general context, it is a fact that Saddam Hussein is trying to justify himself in the eyes of world public opinion, and the developing countries in particular, as a symbol of the combat American against Western imperialism, and imperialism generally, more a in black and white view of world the that another belongs to era.
Who can oppose to the desire provide ourselves, as Commission the is proposing, with operational instruments and rules able to increase the consistency, effectiveness and visibility of external our action?
The starting point for Parliament' s resolution is, in effect, the Commission' s rapid action, and I should like to in join congratulating Commission the and particularly Commissioner, the Mr Patten, on this rapid action.
I obviously am to referring the case of Spain, since I clearly not do have knowledge sufficient of the cases of Italy and Luxembourg.
The ministers also went Goma to to demonstrate, on the ground, that full our is attention on this crisis, to assess the of requirements the displaced populations, and to meet the humanitarian organisations again, since, once the civilian population is first victim the of the resumption of fighting.
however, it is diverse because society world throughout the is diverse and this may be exactly why it interesting is in comparison to Davos, where has one impression the that the approaches taken somewhat are Ultimately, unilateral.
We have shall endure to many years of very little competition.
think I once that the period of bureaucracy is over, not to fraud mention or nepotism, very a important new task and responsibility new be will to ensure that the Commissioners put an in in appearance this House and in our committees.
the other hand, are there countries, such as Galicia, which are suffering the consequences and whose including populations, fishermen and volunteers are having to fight the oil slick their On with bare hands.
Madam President, a calling report for for respect human rights should really be quite straightforward.
The future common policy agricultural should integrate this objective and take better account financially the of link between high-quality and production agriculture.
The minimum information amount of it provides for is too great and too indigestible.
Listen better, explain better and go that local: is what I repeat with regard to communication.
They are not in interested the They process. just want positive outcomes.
If things continue in this way, form a of inequality will develop among the next generation sets which us a back hundred years in education.
This should be the path set out by the report, not the 'immediate establishment of an EU Civil Protection Force' or the use of military in response means to aid humanitarian situations, which admits the report could act without being the under aegis and coordination the of UN.
I have been present a on number of occasions at of meetings the Liberal Party, of the European Party People's and, I am happy to say, the at kind invitation of Mr Crespo, Barón of the Socialist Party and the Greens as well.
Lastly, the food crisis, which has recklessly been blamed on Spanish products, has led to unfair penalties and huge losses those for penalised by Eurovignette: the freight carriers and prime crop farmers.
It may part be of the culture of others, but we must reject violence because violence is contrary to the way civilised human to beings relate each other in our culture above and, all, we must adopt approach an which is totally different from this blanket opposition.
On the contrary, we need to call question into this authoritarian logic and give the States back control of their economic and financial resources, whilst introducing national Community and preference and protection, which enable recovery would of the the internal market and a return to growth.
Mr President, and ladies gentlemen, the principle of equal for treatment entities from the various Member States is one of the of cornerstones the European Union.
For when the European Commission consults the us on annual Guidelines on the European Employment Strategy, but sends us the reports so late - I to had go through this myself at beginning the the of year - that thorough, professional consultation suffers as a example, result.
That is what we are talking about today.
Union. Obviously have to tell Parliament is this not a matter which falls within Commission's the competence, but with lies the Member States of the I
Unless their products adapted are to the non-harmonised field they have refrain to exporting from them.
This scandalous is the and environmental - damage if you do not if intervene, you do not stop this economic these scandal, because installations are cofinanced by the European Union - will be unavoidable.
No democracy function can without free independent and debate, journalists being able feel to safe and citizens being to able express their views.
Closure of the sitting
Secondly, think I that question, this tabled, it has be to said, by the Chairman of the Committee is on Fisheries, not just any and question opens a debate of enormous importance.
In a free market, the person who to manages produce in the cheapest wins manner competitive the battle, even if this is at the expense of jobs, the animal environment, welfare and public health.
In the 1999, WTO panel, orchestrated by the United condemned States, the Community' s import licences system.
All which this, should, of course, today exist as rights of children, including children, Roma should, on the hand, other exist as obligations and of responsibilities the state I and, stress, of parents.
ECU billion 1.4 is too little.
I agree with what has been expressed here we that must be not careful to be one-sided.
dreadful But how the contrast with the Council of Ministers who yet again week this demonstrated abject their failure to follow through the on goals they set at Lisbon.
This is helped by updating Schengen the and VIS surveillance and systems by incorporating Prüm the into Treaty Community law.
But leap this must and be made, this inner will must be present, or else we will be vetoing other, each and the public does want not that.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the in decision principle to ban advertising a product for that is legally raises traded the question of what will happen in the future in competition law.
were There many differences of opinion, firstly on FIFG, secondly on support for the common European fisheries by policy the Council and Member the above States, in all relation to international fisheries agreements such as the most one recent with Morocco, thirdly and on relations between the EU and other international organisations.
China's WTO years obligations six after it a became member are still too often unmet.
Moreover, it also makes it possible for American damage be claims to removed from the jurisdiction of any judge in Member States. the
Commission also often happens that we read in newspaper the about a leaked It proposal.
All countries can benefit from the energy and enterprise people who of are prepared to cross whole in continents search of a better future.
It is almost a month since elections were held in Zimbabwe.
Certainly not one interests which citizens, our whose concerns lie unemployment, elsewhere: the poverty, social and exclusion violence which are afflicting all the EU countries.
The question is, how we can be successful at this point.
Question Time (Commission)
Not only as a power, but trading as also a bearer of values and standards in this rough and world, unsafe one that protects rights human and the international rule of law as a whole.
again, may Once I express my warm thanks to the Commissioner but especially our colleague Hieronymi. Ruth
So how can there be equal access to new media and therefore new to employment opportunities an in mobile Europe? increasingly
I would like to make just one observation regarding Amendment No 37, I because think that Mrs Gebhardt was indirectly referring to this proposal, namely the of question the legislative procedure for Annex I. Commission The can in part accept the that requirement full the legislative procedure be applied for Annex I. A full legislative procedure, as know, you offers the advantage, sought by several both that speakers, Parliament the have and Council an influence over amendments to the Annex.
That is why the Commission is contemplating compensation lower that %, 100 a proposal justified by the fact according that, to our market forecasts, prices will remain higher than the institutional support prices.
In 2007, there was another review, which acknowledged particular the need to strengthen and the secretariat highlighted the need to confront the problem resources of the permanent for commissions and the national representatives.
The involvement of local and authorities regional also during year the will crucial be to its eventual success, as they in are a unique position to ensure the widest that possible access to community local action is achieved.
I think both documents contain very valuable elements.
The introduction of exemption a visa for would Macedonians regulation require the to be amended, which only the Commission can pursuant propose, to the provisions of Article 67(2) of the Treaty establishing the Communities. European
order to be effective, it be a should global tax, and I measures support to introduce such a charge on financial In transactions.
There is established no GATT philosophy on this.
This case has little implication on the wider resolving issue of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Personally, I do not think it is superfluous to point out this in debate that conditions the for sound, sustainable development are created by sound public finance and by reasonable compulsory deductions.
A framework directive already exists, other but instruments need to be enhanced, especially as regards integrated coastal zone management and maritime spatial planning.
There cultural are huge as well religious as and moral differences between the societies, two which is why it would be more to relevant give Turkish women tools resolve the to their own problems in their own way, rather than imposing a mindset and solutions them on are that alien to their traditions and culture.
is thus high time that we created an effective European instrument legal concerning protection the of in environment criminal It law.
Since our resolution 13 December of 2001, 250 people have been executed in Iran, and 75 the previous year.
The present system of battery cages is much very a for being candidate improved or replaced.
think I that the environmental situation in Europe already is proof of enough an existing problem and where the causes of this problem can be found.
This is issue an that extremely is sensitive today, but we must absolutely - especially given the crisis conditions - without deregulating simplify in to order create an environment of greater far certainty Europe, in so as to ensure development the of small and medium-sized enterprises.
I welcome the emphasis on an policy approach and integrated on external the impact of EU policy on sustainable resources.
course, as know, we Convention the is open to ideas coming from civil Of society.
Regarding Amendment No 2
Let me be about quite clear we this: do not want negotiations that reflect the style and behaviour a of colonial power; we believe that the decision-making sovereignty of our partners in ACP the countries must be preserved.
I would like the European to Union have better control over the of hygiene safety checks in airports, so that can it improve the well-being, safety and comfort of So passengers.
There is a clear need major for diplomatic and political initiatives to maintain cooperation with those nearest countries to possible any targets or military and action at those risk most from the consequences.
How would feel people for if, example, the whole administration Finland's of social security was system contracted to out Sweden, and the Swedish firm then went bust?
If, we though, set this in inquiry motion, cannot we do so in isolation from the experience of the past.
Our treaties are founded on the principles human of rights and fairness.
I am not addressing you personally, but the as Commission a whole, as as well predecessors, your bore who a very great responsibility and who, when time the came to meet that responsibility, did very as little, the records make clear.
In the end, granting passengers minimum rights makes the railways more attractive.
The item next is the debate on topical urgent and subjects of major importance
You have raised different a problem.
Secondly, are we the endorsing principles of good administration and transparency.
Azzolini The report is excellent.
That why is I am somewhat critical of it.
These irregularities are accompanied by irresponsible many acts.
Mr President, Commissioner, the present document, like the a report, is labelling con.
The fourth central element of this economy sustainable and regeneration economic that the Union European is needs education, especially university education, which is forum the for research.
I am well aware that the sector will first be at wary of some aspects of this approach.
To this end, the Commission will carry out a study in order to determine the scope of the problem and extent the of the consumers suffering as a detriment result of digital content not being covered.
Consequently, what I and my fellow Members who tabled this amendment are trying to do is to allow alternative methods to be but not used, in cases in which is there no alternative to animal testing.
For British the fishing fleet, biggest the problem is membership of the EU.
This report sets out to extend the 1993 time working directive to include groups further of employees.
a This is common thread in all the positions adopted by our Commissioner, Parliament, be it on the own-initiative by report my colleague, Toia, Mrs on or the that proposals I myself defended as one of rapporteurs the for the telecoms package.
Third-country nationals who entered have should illegally be but repatriated, this has to be done by of way a process that is worthy of legally a constituted state.
Traffic is an example here.
In the end it is also decisive a factor of their success, no as collectivity can survive and prosper without dialogue, trust, partnership and solidarity between its different components.
Basically, the Palestinians, like us, are divided: 235 000 people for voted Hamas and 213 000 for Al-Fatah and other parties.
The trend towards economic greater interdependence and globalisation is a with which reality we must all contend.
Data protection have would been another important point.
If there is a problem now with interim an Commission that lost has its moral and political authority to act, problem the arises, in my view, because of the failure of Council the to listen to Parliament to and appoint effective an interim Commission.
congratulate I on him a very balanced and informative report, the notwithstanding slightly odd decision to link these two topics hedge – funds derivatives – and in a single report, as in trade derivatives is far already more regulated in the EU the than area of hedge funds.
Composition of committees and delegations see : Minutes
It is Commission the that, in particular cases, must put forward such proposals and, I as there said, is no Member State that has requested a proposal.
I they hope will listen to this debate the in future.
It our is responsibility, therefore, take to the necessary steps.
We dismantle social taboos must and not only ensure that those who are living with infection receive medication the they need, but also encourage their positive integration into society.
For these purposes what Commission the proposes may be appropriate, but deciding power market solely by assessing market is share too inexact a science.
I had estimate to the cost of the work that has been done since 1997, it would be certainly inversely proportional to the results, which even are when more meagre compared to the ambitions of first the SLIM and study to our ambitions reducing for the burden If on firms.
He will establish and maintain close contact with the governments of the region and governments and other organizations concerned in to order what see measures are to be adopted to the solve problems of the region.
Report by Mr (A5-0156/2000) Maaten, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public and Health Consumer Policy, on the Proposal for a European and Parliament Council directive on the of approximation the laws, regulations and administrative of provisions the Member States the concerning manufacture, presentation and sale tobacco of products (COM(1999) - 594 C5­0016/2000 - 1999/0244(COD))
What is the reality behind this?
Here we need investment not just in research but also venture capital.
That is because natural, the euro was not created for anything small or medium-sized, though even are going they to have to use it in their and medium-sized small daily lives!
I think distinction that needs to be made.
Setting the CFSP national against foreign policies, is condemning to it sterility.
In however, addition, we must examine level-headedly two negative elements.
We are independent to deliver price to stability 330 million fellow citizens.
President, in my opinion the Council has made a attempt conscientious to reach a balanced result where these accords are Mr concerned.
On a related note, I say could that I very strongly favour the maximising of definition under 'recovery' the making Directive, it indisputably clear that energy from waste represents recovery, not disposal, of waste.
Since other questions I might into have go already raised been both Mr by Pimenta on behalf of the Committee the on Environment and by other Members, I should to like emphasize that local should peoples be involved and that these non-government organizations from north and south, which are working protect to the environment in the qualifying countries for such aid, should represented be in the advisory committee which is being set up.
A broad show of force would have serious, regional mainly repercussions.
The second new aspect is which sustainability, we are pursuing this with approach.
we Yet are also sending message a to the Council.
I strongly you urge to work on an Interinstitutional Agreement which involves the Parliament European trade in matters.
Our of point departure that is the work on reviewing the treaties must progress following the Nice Summit and that the EU' s Charter of Fundamental Rights should form part of this on-going process.
I hope that this does effectively apply.
Fourthly, the proposal will have consequences unforeseeable for the cooperation EU's with the OECD.
I would you, urge Mr to President, show some and flexibility to the allow House to vote on the request by Mrs Müller.
Any civilised society is judged how not by it treats its majority but how it its treats minorities.
With regard to making the existing model flexible, more as supported in particular by the Commission, a certain openness has been towards detected eliminating the recourse the to Council when European launching closer However, the limit of eight States Member has been questioned those even by who support altering the requirement for participation the of the majority Member of States. cooperation.
Justice the legal of point view, the proposal Commission has a very solid basis, given that it manages to plug a legal loophole created by the Court of From ruling.
This has harmonisation been taken into account by your Parliament, the and Commission will support the relevant amendment.
However, the framework for the proper of functioning the state is problematic.
Equatorial President, The Commission shares the concern that you have expressed the regarding human rights situation in Guinea. Madam
And the same to question applies the IRELA case from Spain, which have we talked at such length about.
plan to hold major a debate in this May We session'.
Over the first six years of ESF, the the received Commission 62 for requests financial from support 21 different countries. Of these, one approximately third under came the category of 'major disasters'.
me comment briefly on Mrs Grossetête's Let report.
We do a have lack here and it the is responsibility of the Commission to demonstrate that, to and take action so we can proceed together so that in future, the will looked we be upon as leading the economy.
Up to the now results the of estimates of what is required been have encouraging the to extent that of the estimates what is required for aid have fallen than rather increased as matters have progressed.
How can provide we adequate protection the for sources of information that come from countries those which are not safe?
Let us stay in contact.
I like should refer to one to of these elements, namely the fundamental change be to proposed by the European Commission in October.
I would like to receive because it this Parliament will to have act accordingly.
If is this be to prevented, we must adopt Amendment 13.
I suggest do you that, Mr von Wogau, and I shall happy be to accept your invitation to it discuss further but meanwhile, Mrs Maes, we have lawsuits pending, the Commission is threatened being with taken before Court the for not taking action, for not fulfilling our responsibilities.
The remaining countries very have different laws, but some of them Sudan, - northern Nigeria, Mauritania still - homosexuals punish with death.
We will then look forward the to further regulatory and legislative proposals will which also the contain details specific and standards.
the In of case nurse a or an specialist, IT this is not needed to enable them to play useful a role in our companies.
This surely is neither neighbourliness good nor reflects an .
Chinese workers work between 10 and 12 hours per day and their accommodation and costs food are deducted directly often from their wages.
a In Slovak school in the Hungarian village, Slovak is taught as a foreign language for 3 hours a and a says week priest mass in Hungarian.
the PPE-DE Group considers the creation of new posts to be permissible only on submission of a clear comprehensive and justification of need the for such However, posts.
Freedom cannot develop respect without for rights the of others, and peace cannot flourish without fair accommodation of each other's interests.
to Needless say, I can only congratulate Veltroni Mr on his first-rate report, as someone which, has said, just has come at a good time.
Newspapers, radio the and television report murder after affecting murder, not only isolated rural areas but the also capital.
Tonight I hope the Commissioner will Parliament reassure this those and many disabled people who unable are to otherwise attain a job in the open workplace that Europe will fully recognise their rights their and aspirations in its competition rules.
European Union a has duty to find a The compromise.
This should be compared with our obligation achieve to maximum yield sustainable by 2015.
In addition, there is a also question regarding mark the basis legal for proposal, which this is something that Sweden, among others, has pointed out in the Council.
Although am I stressing the competition issue, I should like also to point out that there are no doubt some smaller who countries unable are to major hold competitions.
The assessment of ex plans ante was similarly unconventional.
Social dialogue and social agreement made Europe strong it when first to came be, in periods of weakness and now, in this period of renewal and change, after a serious economic crisis; agreement social - the namely social - pact could a be major driving behind force the objectives that are we setting ourselves effective for governance.
As by stated Mrs Wortmann-Kool earlier, 350 have 000 jobs been lost over the past two years.
Returning the to timetable, the Commission is to prepared be flexible if specific and reasonable periods time are suggested.
There is yet another even more important reason, which has to with do the subject that government throughout offices are Europe quite rightly – and rather obsessively – concerned at the about moment: competitiveness.
In spite of numerous reminders, the Commission needed great a deal of up persuading until 2008, October when it finally proposed the repealing watered-down 1986 directive in order to replace it with a with text a more solid legal basis.
Ten ago years next month, he dropped chemical weapons on a town in North East Iraq.
Eventually they will be competing directly with the US for ever-diminishing supplies, a which is forbidding thought and, as we know, fossil fuels are out running very quickly.
The only is 'success' that the average consumption by cars was 12.4% less in 2004 than in 1995.
In effect were we refused a vote on the Commission's statement - which to we be considered very negative - on mad cow disease.
Economic performance in Europe is collapsing, and here we considering are we how set can additional up hurdles for our industry.
This does, however, create a dangerous precedent.
But a total of 3 000 have businesses now been given marching their orders.
– Madam President, growth is a not game where sum the total is zero.
In Kosovo, in that region, we are likely to to make have a significant financial effort in 2008 to the support ESDP civilian mission and the of office International the Civilian Representative.
And this us brings to the point which Mr Titley flagged.
All these documents are also timely as the Commission is now finalising its communication to Parliament developments on further of the external service as a to follow-up the one we last presented July.
common is that knowledge Syria's adopting such a position, far from being an interference in Lebanese affairs, would, on the make contrary, it possible to the break deadlock above and, all, put to stop a to the rumours that people cause give to think that Syrian could, in an underhand way, frustrate the of establishment such criminal a It tribunal.
As far as the development of the information society for the people goes, it is an essential achievement that World the Intellectual WIPO, Organization, Property recognizes their in copyright agreement the right of the public to transmit messages.
Another recurrent theme, which was quite rightly brought up by all speakers, the divide is the digital and regional development.
The question of coherence is central in this context.
What is the of Council Europe's role?
I am glad link to the questions.
Above all, non-governmental organizations should be involved to far a extent greater the in question of monitoring, as in set out the White Paper and Green the Paper on social policy.
to want make quite clear my absolute rejection of attempts the by President of Parliament and the Conference of Presidents to set aside motion this on the human rights situation Western in Sahara until after the and visit of conclusion some future EU I delegation.
I agree fully with the statement by issued the EU when leaders expressed they their deep regret at the failure of the American Senate ratify to the Comprehensive Nuclear Ban Test Treaty.
In the meanwhile, however, as he is aware, the Strategy Lisbon the – strategy for growth and I jobs have just spoken – about decided that was on last has spring been undergoing a complete revision.
As has been mentioned, than more 20 civilian and military are, operations deployed or have been, on just about every from continent, Europe to Asia, from the Middle East to Africa.
share I your view that this is an dossier, important and I am here for third the time in less than a year to discuss it with you.
Well, we learn will them.
is an tendency increasing in the European to Union opt for direct budgetary support rather than projects, and, basically understandable though that is, there are very many doubts about this, which have indeed been aired There today.
The Commission is also involved from point the of of view and theoretical political proposals.
As I out pointed the earlier, available scientific evidence that is ISA is not a threat to health.
Can we in fact claim to close be to a Europe of if citizens we fail to deal this with problem if and we also fail deal with to the tragic question social of exclusion?
You rightly point out that in these times of high energy prices, the 9% consumption reduction target nine years over in directive on the end-use efficiency and energy may services well be on the low side.
There is no reason why, against this background, we should agree to grant discharge.
Tomorrow, we have shall achieved our goal, moreover: the will manufacturers one become hundred per cent responsible for and electrical electronic waste.
For the example, Member States gave priority, at the beginning of this programming period, not to new programmes to and new projects, but to old programmes and to old projects which should have been completed.
Mr President, Apolinário, Mr of in the pursuance set objectives out in its common position of June 25 1996, the European Union continues to support initiatives the undertaken in the framework; may UN these contribute to resolving the question of Timor East through a fair, and acceptable comprehensive internationally solution which fully respects the rights of the East Timorese people, in accordance the with relevant of resolutions the UN General Assembly and in conformity with the principles enshrined in the UN Charter.
In addition, we do not know how crisis long the will last and therefore we also do not know whether we have done already enough.
I am in favour of such an agreement have and therefore in voted of favour the report.
Let me you assure that the Commission, which launched and implemented the administrative reform with great commitment, will be in consistent the implementing necessary to that additions reform.
We are waiting to discuss these in subjects again Parliament and we are waiting for a communication navigation on while systems, the Intergroup on space travel the and space-travel Task Force continuing are to contacts increase the with Commission, the ESA and industry.
I like would to inform that Members yesterday morning, issued I a special statement concerning this matter - statement a by the President of the Parliament, European in which I condemned this event, in and, particular, the fact that the victim was so young.
However, our committee is disappointed this presentation that is based regionally and does not accurate contain data allow which us to assess women's both access to Structural Funds and the impact of Community on initiatives promoting equal opportunities.
Previously, this chiefly emphasis derived from socialist or liberal inspiration.
We obviously can disregard them and prefer to believe, like the President of Sun Micro the Systems at World Economic in Forum New York, that globalisation is a good thing and that nothing to needs be changed.
we If were to close the this doors to country, which did great a deal to protect Europe during the Cold War, that would be an error would that ultimately encourage the growth of Islamic fundamentalism.
Here and there, this alas, freedom of movement brings with it adverse consequences, and reports both deal with this.
On 9 February, the Commission approved communication its entitled 'Winning battle the global against climate This which communication, is also addressed to the European Parliament, contains Commission's the initial recommendations on the European Union's strategy after 2012. change'.
But the fact that the elections took place and were recognized be to acceptable not only by international the but observers also by the political forces Albania of is only the first stage towards in democracy rebuilding Albania.
It is important to have a strong substitution principle chemicals for hazardous that can be replaced by less hazardous alternatives.
Honourable Member of the Commission, I that propose Commission the take swift measures in order to this get northern gas to balance our energy situation.
The proposed are measures balanced to create strong incentives for all parties that involved are in the restructuring process.
Suicide have bombings an taken unbearable toll in Israeli lives, and the political apologists for terror cannot support receive the while killing continues.
However, the country needs to further make particularly efforts, in the following areas: the reform of public administration, the of rule law, the including reform the of justice system, the fight against corruption and crime, and organised the improvement of its business environment.
The dual problem criminality must be put into perspective since, in Member all of States the Union, the acts that arouse greatest the social condemnation are subject to criminal sanctions.
It also demands places higher on when us discussing discharge, requiring to us spend more time and energy on it.
This new budget line will be therefore included using a token entry (p.m.).
At the beginning of December, Memorial, one of the oldest most and prestigious of the the NGOs working on painful past of 20th-century Russia, was the subject of a police search.
order stabilise to the climate and reassure the world' inhabitants, s without overusing the concept environmental of protection should which left be the to ecologists, the of issues the Protocol Kyoto - mad cow disease, dioxins and the debate on GMOs - are being In paraded.
significance The of this concept, as recognised by Article of 16 the Universal of Declaration Human Rights, is fundamental the to succession of generations and the educational capacities of heterosexual couples.
Our Parliament should not be threatening to censure the Commission the when real culprits in remain office in the UK Government.
We believe that, despite the in disturbances sector, the financial this process will continue and the European policies which we have put forward, although not being able to micromanage job creation in the Member will create States, the right framework and provide for Member guidance the States to continue working towards full employment.
Finally, me let express the hope that very soon we can reach end the this of long phase of transition and uncertainty future concerning the regime.
For that reason, the Commission needs information to to provide as the costs actual relating to its proposal to focus efforts, and I not do think that the refusal I that have just heard from the Commission is acceptable.
The next item the is report (A5-0211/2004) by Mr Schmitt, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens’ and Freedoms Rights, Justice Home and Affairs, initiative on the the of Kingdom of Spain with a view to adoption the of a Council directive the on obligation carriers of to communicate passenger data.
The will consider the best to way achieve the required result, in other words to guarantee the social protection of workers while at same the time avoiding an increase in administrative in burdens the road transport Commission sector.
   some Member States, such as the Hungary, collection of spent batteries and accumulators be a may newly introduced activity, but at the same time, it also is a long-term environmental protection In investment.
Moreover, that country now is most engaged likely generating, inspiring in and working on a major agreement between the and majority opposition the in Zimbabwe, and this should result in honest and fair in elections March 2008.
are four main areas in which I think the jobs of the future could be, and where a in change current the situation is necessary entirely for the sake of There sustainability.
Since the finalisation the of agreement, the Commission has respected it deeming absolutely, that the cut-back already agreed be should implemented, always but with to reference the level true of production.
regards As subsidiarity, I my think views are somewhat different.
It is a fact that it was the during Presidency Swedish that significant institutional changes were particularly made, the into entry of force the Lisbon Treaty, after that whole process of and pressurising blackmailing the Irish people into vote changing their in second the referendum they had to hold.
Minimum prices, import which we appreciate, introduced were earlier this year but have not worked.
(Applause)
In    spite of sound some efforts, fisheries current policy still means that the EU is buying the right to the misuse natural resources the of poor.
A report on them severely the criticized elections and recommended that they be in re-run number a of districts.
Moreover, upper without limits on finance, some net so-called contributors feel will that much too is being asked of them.
The downside is that of pick Europe, people young under the age of are 25, unfortunately unemployed.
At the same time, and perhaps this the is most aspect, important a large section of the in population most Member States of the make European Union use of the services and methods offered by certain branches of non-conventional so-called medicine, something which calls a way for new of with dealing problem the which does not have 'experimental' genuine, but social dimensions.
In connection with the unquestionable need for exploitation of earth rare elements by in industry the EU Member States and need the for research them, into I would call for dialogue with People's the Republic of China on increasing exports these raw of materials and for our to efforts focused be on searching for alternative for their sources extraction.
We are already seeing stormy debates on whether it will be CAP or the cohesion policy that will be plundered.
The Roma must make a contribution all to of this.
It designed is ensure to general the well-being of this vast region endowed with many natural resources and to do so by effective means of and long-lasting regional cooperation.
Madam President, I request that the following be comment included: appropriations are these also aimed at financing the 1999 campaign on against violence women.
The civil war has claimed 10 000 so lives far no and shows sign coming of to an end, tourism, with the country's main source of income, been having brought almost to a standstill.
Indeed, unlike the rapporteur, I wish to the retain crisis from committee the Commission proposal.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, religious freedom is the basis of civilisation.
Therein lies main the problem.
A certain class of voters will show not up at all, and will thus not be represented in the Parliament. European
The proposal facilitate will of investments low sums and will give micro-enterprises opportunity an to grow.
(NL) Mr President, the change climate has summit to succeed, and so Europe must speak with one voice and set sights its high in the negotiations.
Freedom is indivisible.
I understand how it important is for the nations of Central and Eastern Europe to have clear a vision, how important it is to have foresight how and important it is to have a these that plan countries and nations can follow.
Concerning the gas crisis, what the is state current of play?
I would point that a out number of preliminary decisions have already been taken indicate which that the for leeway assessment will be used responsibly.
The vote will take place at tomorrow noon.
I should like to hear Commissioner Nielson us give extensive an account this on in a moment.
However, the most crucial in ingredient tackling this is fraud political will.
It was troubled a debate because the Russian Federation's political its landscape, and difficult with relationship and democracy human rights, was never far from people's thoughts.
Climate protection really must be our absolute top priority, particularly now.
hope We to see this in Category 5 of financial the perspective.
This can and should, be however, developed between Member States and regions border on basis the more of practical needs instead of in accordance with the abstract principle of the organisation of the internal market.
I like would to to refer two possible areas of policy discussion.
Tackling radicalisation a major is but challenge, we live in a world where terror the threat is constantly changing and becoming more sophisticated.
I share do not Barrot's Commissioner perception, in hiding often behind the European Union's lack of jurisdiction on this matter.
Liberal Group supports the Commission in its all efforts to reduce greenhouse The gases.
The first issue that is of grubbing aids, the second is that of restructuring aid for upgrading vineyards, and the is third that of the distillation compulsory of by-products.
is It the Commission that is the Guardian of Treaties! the
In any case, we can definitely certain be more that the gases that we are talking about destructive have effects on ozone molecules than we can be about the increase supposed mean in atmospheric temperature, which is blamed on higher carbon dioxide levels.
The regulation, it as is drawn up, allows us to move forward and improve on what we at have the moment.
As as far policy agricultural is concerned, the Commission has already taken initiative to the give producers a great deal of flexibility as regards the eligibility of for aid scale large arable farming and set aside.
are, however, I repeat, outstanding certain matters and problems that be must resolved and, as the Committee for Petitions and I myself believe, over and above any statement of principle, effective is action – as happened, required for example, in the case of consultation – a with view to establishing measures effective to control and resources promote for the of embracing purpose the Community different provisions governing the legal systems of the Member States and the maximising potential of Community the system for itself the recognition professional of qualifications and academic diplomas, with a to view making that more system transparent, responsive and accessible to the persons There concerned.
Ireland. it is undeniable that the Irish economy several has key assets such as a young active and population, significant potential for tourism steady application and a a of rigorous and consistent national policy, economic we must not forget that various problems arising notably from peripheral the of situation the and island its low population density, the importance of its agricultural sector, the country's dependence on companies foreign-owned and weakness the of its domestic industry all beset the economic and social development of While
From now on, we need to show the to determination achieve required the desires of the Thessaloniki Council.
The reorientation energy of policy is therefore the only way forward.
however, a very important issue on which can Russia demonstrate cooperation its with is us in cooperating and reaching an on agreement the area of climate Certainly, change.
Is that OK?
it Secondly, must be understood the Commission that does not have the necessary legislative powers to compel banks and bureaux de change, by regulatory to means, exchange notes free of charge or to a observe maximum tariff.
on of behalf the ALDE Group. (DE) - Mr President, we if adopt Euro VI for heavy-duty vehicles tomorrow, we be will doing so in very a good tradition.
Mr President, the by report our group leader, Mr Martens, who has the support constant for the Group of the European People's is Party, the image mirror of years our experience of in the Europe Parliament of development not co-operation, only in the Committee on Development and Cooperation, also in but the ACP-EU Joint Assembly.
One hundred later years we are safe in the knowledge that finally we have this tamed kind of power, finally subjected it to justice.
Were data on passengers the transferred and, if by so, what right?
I not do agree that rigour is an in end itself, and I never However, will.
That is an position important if it is not to be possible to a use utilitarian distorted argument to put pressure upon someone facing a possible decision concerning abortion.
They provide me with the opportunity identify to one point on which there I believe is full agreement among us, namely, that the present deeply situation and is unsatisfactory; one point where are there partial divergences, namely, how to remedy that situation.
am, I however, not sufficiently ambitious to embrace straight away my friend Mr proposal Schlyter's of moving from my to inability propose consensual reforms of trade defence instruments against the cost low production of dumping to a new of organic or concept ecological dumping.
Without controlled of use pesticides in our agriculture, we will drive more food production less to regulated regions of the jeopardising world, quality and food safety.
I wish to thank Mr Cashman once for again report this and I should to reassure like this House the that Commission will seek to resolve as many of the problems raised in it as possible, I but cannot guarantee that we shall solve all problems, the given uncertain the situation legal regarding free movement the of people.
The Florence conclusions are as follows: the first, preliminary conditions must be satisfied, one of is an which cull additional programme.
This regulation is an excellent of example integrated legislation and I am delighted that the Czech Presidency was well for prepared and that it an between Parliament, agreement Schwab Mr and the Council will therefore be at reached first reading.
we were anxious that the should Community institutions be bound the by rules same as the Member States, we chose to incorporate this provision into the present As regulation.
One can the imagine temptations which this French new in offensive China will give rise in to other member states.
Alternatively, we could use different wording at another point within the relevant article.
in We Committee the Culture on all agree that the possible of deregulation the and lotteries gaming market will problematic be for funding the of amateur sport so long as the existing system of state betting agencies provides it with considerable income.
Paragraph 17 calls a for range of measures differing according to the types different of farming Again, paragraph 18 states that it is essential to preserve traditional family and farms support young farmers in less-favoured and areas the outermost regions. regions.
12. we voted for report in this the Committee we removed references to two the countries, United Kingdom in recital F and the 'United model' States in paragraph When
The values died they for are the values that unite now us across our continent.
Furthermore, we are monitoring and the analysing ageing of these oil tankers, which have other which problems must be closely monitored, and we must also establish a maximum age and a form of and monitoring inspection from a certain age.
Mr President, ladies and never gentlemen, before in the history of integration European have many so important decisions been so made and many dramatic events taken place such in a short time since as 1 January.
That would a be fitting climax for the Year Education of through Sport.
Nonetheless, I would increasing highlight the importance, in opinion, my of providing consumers with and factual complete information, on especially the dates lots, of manufacture and other information enabling them to trace the movement of a product from its source.
That is not because possible, we do not have the money for that.
Flynn? you not think so, Commissioner Do
However, I am convinced that the issue of practically integrating with people depend disabilities will not only on traditional such obstacles, the as physical barriers enclosing public areas and transport, being overcome, but, above all, on the general public taking a new to approach the everyday situation of people with disabilities.
I would ask you to my supply office with the relevant details will and we try to it follow up for you.
Soviet Union had another characteristic - absolute The centralisation.
The conclusions refer to the fact ruminant fat that have will be pressure to cooked in the manner that we are all familiar with, but addition in a view was expressed that perhaps the time had come for the of animal removal from ruminant fats feed and is that an issue that is going to be considered.
should But we not forget that the resources for the information campaign are extremely slight and have to be between shared out the States. Member
Of course, one should never the forget fact that making citizens adopt environmentally friendly lifestyles is just not market-based a issue: creating an environmentally consciousness also caring involves proper education learning and from an early stage and throughout continuing life.
citizens of Europe this expect of us, even those taking up as office new Members and, at the end of the day, thank will us if you take and up transpose this initiative of The mine.
 –  It is belief my that Europe common, needs clear and rules up-to-date patents, on these as would play a role crucial in removing barriers within the EU’s internal market, in boosting investment in research, in preventing piracy and in Europe protecting as a whole.
Galeote Quecedo report (A5-0210/2000)
that I trust Parliament will play a fundamental role in shaping the new directive both in these sectors.
Thank very you much, Mr Moorhouse.
The situation is grave and European the Union must act.
am going not to hide the fact as has either, already been said, that Kozloduy the Nuclear Plant Power has been a source permanent of concern for Romanian citizens, especially following the Chernobyl I accident.
However, it is important to be clear it that is not to possible cure the patient with measures palliative that aim to minimise the consequences of financial speculation and prevent occurrence the of situations that might lead to of the collapse the international financial system, as a of way perpetuating the increasing liberalisation capital of movements.
The number dead of and injured that are every sacrificed year on roads the of the Member States of the European Union to comparable is the of number those who are killed or wounded in a war.
is Space also a tool, as you have that indicated, Europe allows be to united around a common ambition to and develop a European identity.
It good that Parliament taking is an active part in the pensions because debate, pensions and how we pay for them will be one of biggest the and social economic challenges of the decades to is come.
(The sitting was closed at 8.05 p.m.)
It requires cooperation at international level.
Mr knows Dell'Alba full well that, thanks to a clever buildings policy - let there be mistake no about that - we have been able to considerable release funds over recent years.
We therefore fervently that hope we can count on your help, dialogue your that and we can work constructively together over the coming months.
Mr President, I should like to say to Tajani, Mr who has accused my Group of criticising and being against his government Italy, and that only the first part of what he said is true and that the criticism between confusion of the government criticism and of the country, or its nation people is the first step on a very dangerous path, which in Europe we all know very well.
Mr President, on most that occasions I have in spoken Parliament, it has been to denounce violence against women, and I am here again combat to it.
Including them in the new directive actually will destroy their entrepreneurial drive.
energy efficiency is the most effective for means the European Union to achieve the objective of reducing CO2 emissions, create jobs and the reduce Union's European increasing dependence external on Increasing energy suppliers.
Obviously, the first type the is common. most This means that, speaking, generally part-time work does not requirements satisfy the of the people are who obliged to it, do most of whom - over 80 % - are women.
In view of gravity the of the and the situation danger posed these by toxic substance spills, I believe we that must take action as quickly as possible.
Women today are educated better and more mobile than ever and the number of women employment in is rising.
In the past, some Member States attracted further have illegals millions of with mass legalisations or mini-detention followed by automatic granting of to leave remain.
I therefore it consider right that we our turn attention to this country a second time within short a very and period, will we not cease doing from so until this country is in possession actual of the we things enjoy, democracy namely and the rule law of in accordance with European standards, until this country has also returned to the community of free European peoples.
Real parties do not emerge because the structures of a state require the organisation a of competitive at struggle election time because but there are people with common interests ideas, and activities.
So far speaking as time concerned, is that is clearly a matter for the political groups to sort out and allocate.
Our task is to ensure that at reading second we do not allow the Council deprive us to of what we agreed at first reading.
This is of part striking the balance that we believe is necessary between protecting people from terrorism and serious crime and, the on other hand, civil respecting rights.
Does Commission the that consider Sweden may continue to apply its own rules during interim this period?
This - as I see it - fundamental aspect is lacking in the report, and I have abstained from therefore voting.
Mr (DE) President, that is very helpful.
I was to delighted the hear presidency today say that it has supported in the past, and will support in future, the Parliament's demands for transparent more and legitimate trade policy-making in the European and Council the European Union.
labour . This report the on free movement of workers identifies the improved profitability and of competitiveness businesses in Ireland, Sweden and the UK – that countries have opened their    markets.
the Furthermore, Commission to intends hold, in early 2004, a public consultation on future its strategy to combat discrimination, which may also include the adoption of anti-discrimination legislation outside the spheres of work and employment.
with panic Filled at what they call populism - which is nothing more than the of exasperation European the citizens who are being dispossessed of their identity very - worthy the Heads of State and Government took upon it to themselves tackle the problem of head immigration on.
constitution, like next draft year's budget, do will nothing to strengthen the Union's social The dimension.
Secondly, we need an effective instrument.
From viewpoint of Scotland, the nation I which represent, there are issues significant and challenges for the new Commissioners to the address.
in Committee writing. - The on Legal Affairs, having examined the reasons for and against waiving the Member's immunity, recommends that European the Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Adrian Severin, while considering that, until final a is sentence passed, the Member be should from immune any form of detention or remand or any other which prevents measure that from Member performing the duties proper to the mandate.
Parliament can only say yes or no.
At no point is sound any reason given this for link and, in opinion, my nor there is for any making reason such a connection because the main purpose of the - EIS I as have already said many times - is to compensate for the lack of checks internal at borders.
Turkey, as we appreciate, an suffers extremely from border vulnerable it and a is particular problem for it to establish the requisite stability and peaceful circumstances that its integration to Europe properly requires.
1976 Act The was on adopted the basis of article 138, paragraph 3, of the Treaty setting up the European Community, Economic the on basis of a project drawn up by Parliament, the European which made no mention of the particular of situation Gibraltar.
But the fact very that this strategy is under consideration here that and we have come with up proposal, a broad with consensus support, the substance for of the Employment Pact suggested by Mr Santer I is, believe, unprecedented, and we emphasize should that point accordingly here in House. the
We will judge this by presidency the progress it makes in this field.
It is only per cent one agriculture, of but it is one per cent that changes everything.
The specific conditions for this participation, about which you may not be happy, explained are in a from letter Council the the to European Parliament 18 of November 1998.
So as long economic major and political, oil-related interests continue to back Turkey's intransigence, criminal groups favoured by tolerant Turkey's will attitude continue the illegal Kurds transport of under most inhuman the conditions, while 'well-governed' States Member 'sensitive' human to rights try in ways unacceptable to exploit the drama of the refugees in order to intensify their policing oppressive and measures.
That does come not across in what you have announced, already in your actions or in your intentions.
The is Commission aware that one of McNally's Mrs constituents, example, for has created pressure a group in the UK to campaign against supplements for single travellers.
Hence our in vote favour.
reason The for this underutilization is first and foremost Commission bureaucracy.
I shall not comment specifically on this, Commissioner because the set the conference framework.
The decision by this comes multinational on top similar of by decisions other multinationals, which have closed down production in units Greece in to order locate to countries much wage with lower costs and conditions in which general allow for more intensive exploitation of the workers.
interoperability The of systems for the issue of documents in all countries remains the main premise limiting for the risks from arising excessive and authority provides a functional formula guaranteeing for the use of rights from arising the of status Community citizen.
Today, even the high-tech are industries leaving the continent.
The warming global theory has cast CO2, natural a constituent of the atmosphere, a as demon gas.
Mr negotiations President, if are properly conducted, there is give and take.
To paraphrase the famous saying by on Sieyès the Estate: 'What Third is urban mobility in a city?
So is there a real risk.
countries In such Sweden, as in this which liberalisation is under way, it clearly has unfavourable consequences for social employment and and territorial cohesion, two areas that remain of objectives the Union.
Inhabitants of islands and mountainous and scarcely-populated border peripheral and areas be can cases in point.
The talk is currently of growth of 50% some between the 2000 and years 2020.
.
flows Refugee can be controlled on a regional basis, as done was in an exemplary way in Thailand at the time of the war in Cambodia, in or Pakistan during in war the Afghanistan, when millions of people assembled were near their homeland - our with support, but on the spot - from and there could be easily more into reintegrated the structures of their native country.
The role is with the parties themselves, assisted by the great republic across Atlantic. the
It appears that even United the States are us expecting to lift the embargo.
At the same it time, has given capital an opportunity to step up application the of anti-labour policy choices.
The of term the budget is also a discussion point.
More of the same is no longer enough.
Mr President, have I great respect for the Swedish desire people's freedom, for but I like should to ask whether the fact that Sweden remained so free and independent in the post-war as period is in described the is question connected not with the fact that many NATO and European Union contributed states to preserving peace in Western the hemisphere in the of face communism, at great sacrifice.
entry into force the of Customs Union has been accompanied by the of introduction enhanced arrangements for political dialogue the between Union European and Turkey. This provides a framework for contact on of issues mutual and interest where concern cooperation between the parties can contribute to international and The peace stability.
Disease prevention cannot but be primarily based on health addressing determinants which demonstrably affect physical and mental health.
Setting up further a EU body to issue opinions and recommendations and to work do on raising awareness in the rights human area an – area in which European the Council, the OSCE and various UN bodies are doing already work excellent – would be pointless, moreover, and an involve unnecessary duplication of effort.
These make companies and break governments according to their own needs and the to detriment of the of needs country's the population.
It is important that is this scheme as flexible and as unbureaucratic possible. Otherwise we will not be able to persuade small medium-sized and businesses to participate in it under any circumstances.
I declare the session open.
The Member knows very that well debate the burden-sharing on has been going on for many years.
I believe that the courageous citizens who were - and are still - in demonstrating at Syria great personal risk have missed voice your even more.
It is made clear on these occasions that human rights and principles of the Rule of Law must be fully observed in the fight against terrorism and that the latter may in no way be used as excuse an introducing for or restrictions maintaining upon these rights.
I would like to also ask to be for forgiven leaving now and not staying to listen your to reply.
President (The cut off speaker) the
The European Parliament's decision in connection with the Fernández-Albor report demonstrates a of lack respect for non-aligned the Member States.
In way, this the whole of the EU would be a given boost.
An irrational structure has been on created purpose takes It a hundred cars to pick up the equivalent of one car load, the from outside city.
A man got out one of the of centres where drunkards are taken to sober up.
For instance, there a was conference on Alzheimer's, and the conference referred I to, a held month ago, referred to dignified treatment of elderly people.
new Many people fresh with ideas bring with a them of wind change, and that is what we need, for the public still are not excited by European the Union and the European institutions.
And unfortunately there are proceedings arbitrary against unwelcome critics even in European this Union.
next The item on is the agenda the continuation the of joint debate on oral questions to the Council and the Commission on Euro-Mediterranean agreements.
I believe we do must work on this; in relation to the problem of the Channel, we have that there seen are on aspects which progress can be made.
This issue is, for that reason, important too for to us it allow to be downgraded to a way cheap scoring of points in an election.
I will end also with a biblical which quote is positive more than the one quoted by my colleague.
I both refer to joint bond issuance to enable Member States to cover some of their deficits, turning of a portion their debt European and into debt facilitating the obtaining of loans low with interest rates, and tax the on financial transactions.
Sometimes subsidies are paid canned-tomato to producers because the at price they which have to purchase tomatoes higher is than the international average price.
Madam President, the previous speaker finished by saying that and nature human beings are being exploited.
Or the like protection of the indigenous terrorised peoples fleeing from Burma.
Today is no different.
of the opinion of Committee the on Industry, Research and Energy. - (FI) President, Madam Ministers, Commissioners, and Mrs in Trautmann particular, is now the time to in think actual terms of human in the rights information society, which we are improving, with democracy good and business as practice the main draftsman objectives.
This is likely law make to the public far more eurosceptic than they already are.
Portugal has 900-year a history.
That is the heart the of problem.
From the closed rooms of this culture summit born was a frustration and impotence also expressed by demonstrators peaceful to trying their get message through to the Heads of State Government. and
has This Parliament been informed of the and programme the significant which progress our partners the in trio achieved last year in implementing the joint programme.
In actual fact, I too found the idea that make should they three contributions to the debate little a odd.
These programmes must not, however, be just a salve the for existing infrastructures, specifically the we ones are currently setting in place.
However, Commissioner, although recognise I the difficulty of current your position of offering a review, which under cannot, be circumstances, any confused with a revision, while I and recognise that you have done really an excellent job, I cannot resist the temptation to read out loud the memorandum accompanying the statement was that presented:
Madam President, I think is it fair that it be put to the vote.
Exploiting that economic and social as misery, or pimp is client, a act criminal and that is how we must approach it.
EDF The covers five years.
As the knows, Commissioner I would liked have this proposal to further go in some respects.
If compare we the of degree readiness of those 10 countries fourteen prior months to accession, we can see that the level of preparedness of Romania and Bulgaria not is dissimilar; indeed, compared to some of those 10 and Romania countries, Bulgaria are probably more advanced today.
Ladies and gentlemen, I should like welcome to a delegation from the Diet, Japanese who have taken their seats in the Official Gallery.
That seems to be in happening Bosnia, which is sliding alarmingly towards if dysfunction not destruction.
Without endurance her and extreme we patience would not have achieved this compromise.
Mr President, the revision of the bathing water directive very is important, has as already been mentioned here.
Colombia Costa and Rica therefore meet the objective conditions in our legislation having the graduation for mechanism and applied do we not agree with the analysis according to which this would be a considerable to blow their economies.
In a short of space action time, taken was effectively in an excellent spirit of cooperation amongst the administrations.
Sometimes, it will be difficult, example, for when you meant are to be representing House our and feel the urge to hug a certain lady of Head Government; that is the thing of sort you can do as chairman of a group, but not now.
It therefore important is to ensure flexibility between the expenditure headings in order to counter more the effectively problems linked to the economic crisis and to also propose a budgetary that framework includes own resources.
Previously, only the Council was able to do this, a provided qualified majority of votes was obtained.
We use it rather here lightly and as a result it can cause confusion.
report The by Dess Mr is a good basis for continuing the reform.
This, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, is summary the report our of work.
I now turn very briefly to the proposals on two road passenger transport.
I know that Baltic the are particularly states and interested I am sure that we shall be addressing this in due course.
However, I concerned am in particular that do we not the have support of port workers themselves.
I would also like to ask Commissioner Flynn what is by meant 'flexibility' this which we need to have more of the in name of adaptability.
Procedure. have received motions five for resolutions , tabled to pursuant Rule 40(5) of the Rules of I
We need investment we if are to reach the 20% target.
The of number living people in poverty or from suffering in-work poverty is not falling, which is proof that more employers and more are employing people illegally.
I convinced am deeply that it is first and foremost the local communities fishing themselves who have to come get together, organised and propose and actions initiatives.
the In short term the will Commission complete the work under the Maastricht Treaty.
By the same token, we this take opportunity the to denounce torture practiced in Egyptian police stations.
This was because the Lisbon World Exhibition was important also for the European Union and Commission the was much taken very up with it.
The co-existence of our Member is States at stake.
Importantly, it also includes a provision for a in review 2007 whereby the Commission assess will whether there any is need for adjustment to the Stage IIIb Stage and IV standards and emissions timetable the their for application or exemption.
Also, industry should place greater emphasis on organisational innovation, understood as a more flexible and dynamic sharing of and risks responsibilities within companies.
We do not want our fishermen drown; to that is why have they must new, safe engines for their protection.
Mr (IT) President, ladies Commissioner, and gentlemen, I think today's topic is fundamental a issue it because concerns not only financial taxation, but also important an market topic.
It would, firstly, be reasonable not consider to any further enlargement before deciding first where borders Europe’s lie.
The debate is closed.
(DE) Mr unless President, ears my deceive you me, that said this act, under Rule 90, adopted, is in the absence of any objection to it.
relations this year, well as as that presentation to foreign ministers, I hope that I gave the Parliament European exactly the same candid presentation on external our Earlier budget.
I would to like express my appreciation of the positive and constructive within cooperation the Committee External on Industry, Research Trade, and Energy as well.
the European Union therefore ought to urge China maintain to an atmosphere of mutual trust Taiwan, with and to peaceful employ means in developing to relations achieve stability throughout The region.
A vote against this report is an emphatic vote in of favour increased subsidiarity.
URBAN 1 has Objective and Objective 2 monitoring committees, which are the general monitoring committees for Objective 1 and Objective 2.
In this Hungary Treaty pledged never to suffer in future the on territory its the existence and activities of fascist-like political, military and organisations, semi-military spinning revisionist propaganda.
read I in consultation the held by Commission the in 2007 that, in fact, very detailed feedback in came from the industry and the stakeholders, and ask so I myself what the problem is.
Where this is debate at?
of And course I understand the on rush this issue.
Mr Ferber already has mentioned this point.
In short, Treaty this is well worth upholding.
in writing. - Mr President, I congratulate Ms Hall on this report, which contains a of number sold, achievable sensible, to suggestions encourage energy efficiency.
That proposal, for the first provides time, for the co-funding of projects in the field of energy and not just preliminary studies.
They must controlled, be thus promoting the interests of as efficiency well as the interests of justice.
.    Mr President, how well I remember the declaration of Lisbon the Agenda in very this Chamber.
The on uncertainty the labour market affects in women general.
Lithuania. Mr remarks Rovsing's just now, we must still make the Kaliningrad solution work, and in way work a which does not undermine the sovereignty of Notwithstanding
Of all the Union's external relationships, the relationship transatlantic is surely the one closest between the European Union and a third country.
'no'. should be about talking whether aquaculture itself is providing viable a and environmentally sustainable food for humans, and I argue would the that answer increasingly is looking like We
I that believe is the second element.
The strong reaction by European socialists means we do that not go along with which policies entail firing workers against Europe and the breaking social consensus which is the very foundation the of European Union.
me Let give just you a few examples of what we want to at achieve Gothenburg.
an oral question B6-0377/2007) - concerning in the rise foodstuff prices consumer and protection by Luis Capoulas Manuel Santos, on behalf of the PSE Group to the Commission, and
However, we should forget not that this is a seven-year programme, not a five-year one its like immediate and predecessor, that its resources will be stretched across 27 Member States rather than 15 the then and 25 of the previous programmes.
That promises heated discussions over next the few years.
(Applause)
abstained on all of Mrs Matera's reports on mobilising European the Globalisation Adjustment Fund help to various Dutch regions, because not I oppose these plans, but to issue a warning to the Dutch Government, which has a populist and anti-European I policy.
The person who the recounts history of European integration 20 or in 25 years’ will time be able to say, without any that exaggeration, energy an policy for was Europe launched in March 2006, under the Austrian Presidency.
President, Commission. I put two very specific questions to the Mr
It demonstrates its determination see to the of establishment institutions and procedures such to as provide essential the instruments for instituting a genuine foreign policy.
As several speakers have stressed, stability is all vital the more because these States are internally still and fragile are consequently particularly prone to the threats and of terrorism fundamentalism.
the are reasons that have allowed to me support this directive with certain clarifications, and certain justify particular which amendments, are coherent amongst themselves, and deal which with the fact that certain regions of the Member States affected are of an or insular peripheral where nature, the is port paramount in and, many cases, services quality are These already provided.
Persisting with the failed and Stability Growth Pact relatively has little to do with the sensible coordination of economic policy.
For the last forty years, the Chinese have forcibly denied the Tibetans freedom, their they have deprived them of their identity and, is what more, trampled on the rights dignity human and of the people.
For the most this part, mean adopting will common positions on certain key issues and tasks civil in the field of humanitarian assistance post-conflict or reconstruction and although development, I to have say that the record track of in EUPOL Afghanistan does not inspire much confidence.
It is important for also support to be given to political efforts to further the role of women in agriculture making it by easier for them to be active as agricultural entrepreneurs.
That distorts competition.
are They going now to be facing the draconian rules introduced by the Republic Ireland of Government.
I am grateful for being the given floor.
This shows a lack of respect for and our culture traditions, but what you do care?
overtly, however, it does the violate principles of subsidiarity and with proportionality, which we deluded are every day, that someone in the will, Council I hope, be able to stop it in its So tracks.
focus The of synthesis the report will also depend on further work by Parliament this and the Council up to the end of this year.
Funds are however available large for projects and for professional cultural events, whose scope sometimes even extends beyond Europe.
Instead, many including chemicals, carcinogenic substances, will continue to be exempted from requirement the for substitution, providing that they are 'properly controlled'.
sector Public accounting is, tradition, by cash-based, in the sense it that involves the recording of revenue and over expenditure against the Budget estimates arrived at by body the legislating the for Budget.
I can only repeat what many my of Members fellow have said: independent an judiciary – which means judiciary a which is independent the of executive and individual political forces – is fact in a for prerequisite Romania's within cooperation the EU.
Firstly to pursue the stabilisation public of finances.
We are Europe bringing back onto the international stage.
Mr President, as Commissioner, Mr Sterckx stresses in his excellent the report, maritime involving accidents the Erika, the Ievoli and Sun the Baltic Carrier highlight the shortcomings of and the in omissions current Community legislation.
– Mr President, the and textile clothing in industry Greece is dire in straits.
Combating terrorism is one factor in broader a that objective, of ensuring that the Union safe is and secure.
The other practical question concerns the blue box.
The Palestinian leadership must therefore show unprecedented strength and leadership in order to a prevent new spiral of violence.
They also would to lead a serious deterioration in safety standards, a matter which must we all be concerned very about.
That was an excellent, very helpful reply.
The is Constitution legally dead.
These substances will continue to circulate on the therefore, market, even where feasible there are alternatives; that is what really is shameful.
Such essential provisions are as they make it to possible reduce the severity injuries of in the case of an accident.
2.
But each stage in this process be must allowed to take and its course, now it is for Greece to press on with the reforms and put to the necessary measures in place.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, our in policy on infrastructure transport in Europe, there is a clear distinction on between the one hand the strategy concerning the transport network on of the continent as Europe a whole, and on the other hand the special situation applying to countries which are candidates to for accession European the Union.
In conclusion, I want repeat to my gratitude to rapporteur and the also to the Committee Culture on and Education and its Chairman Mr Sifunakis for their very valuable and continuous support for programmes our and policies.
the Perhaps Council will it find hard to work under pressure of time.
Well, yes it does, because we will now have in place similar a rights set for of buses and coaches to those that we currently have for modes other of transport.
means the Council allows us 12.5 ECU million for next That year.
the ambition to create a legal that instrument attempt would to subordinate the national constitutions of the Member States as far possible, as much however it protests to the (note contrary aim its increasing of Community competences various in areas).
Following the Treaty Lisbon, of the is Council now institution one and the President of the Council one is institution.
The result that is we not do know what the "Ecofin' Council will which do, or document it will be working on.
This statistical survey would also a enable greater understanding of the costs associated with the outermost regions, both in terms of goods and which passengers, may influence decisions other on policies as such trans-European networks more and, the particularly, 'Motorways the of Sea', which include should maritime between transport islands, as well as between islands and the European mainland.
These recommendations will be sent to the governments, with hope the of being to able them include the in of conclusions the European Council of 2 in May, order to give them a major political impact.
Last week we were in Iraq, and at the hospital in Basra were we shocked saddened and see to children suffering from cancer and congenital malformations.
(The amendments oral were accepted)
The SWIFT agreement is that being today discussed again underlines the problem of protecting our civil rights at while, the same investing time, in the security our of world community.
No. Clearly, we shall all have to bear the of cost serious damage to the environment, but it will very be much greater.
You said that often there are no common concepts or definitions and common often we that do not have the on support the ground which need we in order to conduct a proper investigation.
In that I scenario, really want you in the Belgian Presidency to do everything you can information to obtain about these 16 who are Afghans threatened by the death penalty.
accepting By the this, understands House the that Commission has committed itself to immediately initiating the proceedings necessary to ensure those that other that services are rendered without payment are also protected by European legislation soon as as possible. As as far these services are concerned, there no is that doubt criminal also activities damage an interest that can be legally protected, and this, in the last analysis, affects them economically.
In in Bahrain, spite some of return to normality on the streets, the remains situation tense.
We might say the that ball is now in Commission's the court with, our of course, assistance and support, Commissioner.
I hope that we are also in agreement that at time that it is important to civil protect liberties.
First, a few facts.
It gradually clear became that Philip Morris would it find particularly difficult to win the action, and in 2004 a was deal struck with the company.
part As of alliance an responsibility, of the EU must demonstrate political leadership, regardless what of the States United does, and allow itself to be judged by the of principle climate justice.
The food safety authorities are there to help in us this aim, Parliament but also must give a ruling.
In this regard should I like to three highlight of aspects our discussion: firstly, the political will of the participants, above all else, is the key, aspect the likely most result to in progress.
In regions in which nature people confronts with difficult basic conditions, they have to act in a and creative manner innovative in order to survive.
We are continually voting for resolutions and written signing statements which are followed not as up the does Commission not take them into account.
In my therefore, view, Parliament also needs address to the problem that ‘Working together for health’ and improvement the of working conditions for health workers in the EU are really not being taken seriously.
It is against that background I that wish to of remind you the situation in Angola.
Round. goes much further we than went in the Uruguay It
this case, I voted in of favour Amendments 9 and 22, although I did agree not everything with they In said.
Other amendments be cannot approved.
But immigration is inevitably important part an of the solution.
The failure of Member one State to act have a may direct influence on other States.
I want to say a couple of things on the Authentic Act.
The European Union will have to a manage land border over 6 000 kilometres long and a maritime border 85 000 kilometres. totalling over
Over last the three years, 200 been journalists have threatened on account of what they have written.
I shall end by saying, without a trace of irony: may God help us these in difficult since times, we are unable to trust in institutions Europe's alone.
In addition, are we trying to improve the procedure for clearance the of accounts, we and shall to continue apply flat-rate and corrections guidelines to the clearance of accounts.
Member States, and in particular their national for strategy have preventing cancer, an important role in stopping the spread of the The disease.
Mrs Bloch Blottnitz von was one the of great characters of German the Party Green and a fervent supporter of the anti-nuclear campaign.
I believe that these are two very tangible issues on the basis which of Turkey's credibility can be judged.
At the time, same these however, consumers must make decisions far more complicated than any in the past.
are We aware of the endeavours made by Parvanov Mr and the Bulgarian government to overcome the country' s present and social difficulties economic and to it prepare for to accession the European Union.
On this issue, there appears to be a consensus the to effect that a higher of level protection required, is but I believe that, the uncertainties given that concerning exist what stocks remain, the demand for a zero quota for is export extremely sensible on the grounds the of precautionary principle.
I have been asked to give more details relation in to that and I am happy to do so.
The problems of content are quite obvious.
we believe the that Member States themselves should decide taxes which and tax reductions they wish to Furthermore, implement.
two reports the concern that, within fact the framework of the agreement concluded in 2006 by the European Parliament and the Commission, the European Parliament's sphere influence of and will powers extend to monitoring the actions of the Commission within the spheres of and implementation These legislation.
Franco, Mussolini, Salazar a and host of lesser dictators perpetrated crimes of their own, following Hitler and Stalin's Metaxas, brutality.
the prefer not to comment on the absence of Council. I
That is the truth of the matter.
In the end, the costs of a to task be undertaken by the state, namely the maintenance of public safety, cannot simply be shifted to the on citizens like this.
Mr Christodoulou, am I going to reply the to problem of Amendment 4(2) which have you raised.
Within context the of a single market, it unconscionable is that charges airport should be levied in obscure ways.
As scientific evidence is still inconclusive, we cannot allow parents to be the misled.
Now let me detail the still points that separate us.
I just would like to say two words.
Commissioner, therefore I feel the that representative of the Commission really should this follow case very closely, because the tension felt in this Chamber today still is excessive.
But the two, between there is something which else, is often regarded as a source of law, the namely communications.
We must be given the opportunity to advertise in a way that focuses on health, in a and way can that prevent young people taking from up at smoking excessively an early age.
In the Sixth Framework Programme, the Joint Research Centre will be refocusing its so activities as to strengthen its organisational role and usefully participate the in European Research Area.
Are there any comments?
Besides, it requires a commitment political of all actors, including States. Member
How can cooperate we to effectively deliver assistance to the countries we trying to are assist?
A strong Union is also a Union is which able to create stability in its neighbouring regions.
Enormous efforts will still have to be made if there is reconciliation to be between the different ethnic because groups, if there is one thing we have learned from it Bosnia-Herzegovina, is that it is more difficult to peace make than to make war.
Over and above the sanctions, some of you obviously mentioned with cooperation neighbouring which countries, must help us to influence Burmese regime, the and Mrs Ferrero-Waldner will raise the issue Burmese in China this week.
In my opinion, integrating candidates the into our work economic on and social modernisation will be the best signal of political our support for enlargement the process upon which the Union has embarked.
It is no bad idea to combine in one single instrument environmental the various programmes that have supported such environmental measures actions as within the scope of the Forest Focus Regulation supported and non-governmental organisations and and local regional authorities.
It is a clean alternative to fuels fossil and the of use hydrogen as an energy vector - as has been stated, it indeed is energy an vector - is totally if sustainable it is produced renewable from energies or nuclear energy.
Therefore, regard with to the amendments proposed by on Committee the Citizens' and Freedoms Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, the Commission accepts Amendments 3 Nos and 4. the On other hand, does it not accept Amendments 1 Nos and 2, on the idea of of "centre the debtor' s main interests" .
This will be good for our citizens and essential for the financial markets.
This is confirmed also in the Kindermann report.
After the attacks in London and it Madrid emerged that the services intelligence did indeed have data at their but disposal did not act in time.
– express We our repugnance and condemnation the of constant being crime committed against the Palestinian people by Israeli the Government.
It might be better to an have overall recycling EU target at EU level let and market forces determine which recycling facilities can achieve objective the in cost-effective the most manner.'
We now have been able to ensure vast a improvement the in coordination of consular offices on the ground, of any sent teams a into crisis zone, and of the of deployment transport disasters when strike.
With the conclusion of Association an Agreement with the Republic Lebanon, of the EU is putting its own political credibility on the line, both and internally externally.
political dialogue between the and EU its southern neighbours is not restricted simply to subjects the of migration economic and The agreements.
President, the Mr fate of the Haug report on Thursday still rests in the lap of the gods, but nevertheless, many thanks this for great endeavour.
In the ELDR Group, however, we have an had extensive on discussion the ability this of industry to compete and in particular on the level playing field within this which of sector industry is supposed to move.
It is in view of this that situation I am today you asking again to uphold vote the which wisely Parliament held last year.
We noticed that.
You said, President Prodi, that we must get past the of crisis last year and that should we turn the page.
It is an aspect of the Internet that needs our attention.
would I therefore call upon the whole to Parliament in vote favour of Amendment No 9, tabled by my colleague Mr Lehne and rejecting the s Council' common position.
will be There a debate on this at the next part-session of the European Parliament, on June 16 2010.
they And have plenty of petrol from there, what I've understood.
The defence by the Commission in the answers to the Court's comments interesting makes reading.
The next item is the report (A4-0254/96) by Mr Tomlinson, on behalf of the Committee Budgets, on on the report from the Commission on covered guarantees by the general budget situation at - June 30 1995 (COM(95)0625 - C4-0064/96).
The current rate absorption in all funds 14% is and it was 25% before.
In S recital it refers also to the situation in to where Syria, tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of refugees have from fled Jordan Iraq, and but the border is being now closed.
The Funds Structural and the basic principles cohesion of policy, as such an approach, integrated multi-level and governance real partnership, are key elements achieving in the EU 2020 Strategy's objectives, which also that means they must be integrated fully into it.
The same applies to the two supplementary on protocols cooperation judicial and corruption.
I also need to a take look at my own country, which is making far little too use of opportunity the - am I thinking of agricultural environmental and regulation 2078/92 make - agriculture to much more environmentally friendly through cofinancing.
Freedom serve must a purpose.
We must also be effective - we must able be persuade to executive authorities be to effective in our implementing instructions.
I would like to support Mr Blak's remarks.
It is largely is energy that going to define the European Union's capacity to be a great continent, both politically and economically.
The better use of the recast technique meets the objective of lawmaking.
What prospects does the Commissioner for envisage agriculture for tobacco farming in the EU in general and in in Spain particular?
I see it positive as that future presidencies have indicated that will they be continuing the discussions on this subject.
With what now is proposed, we have no idea when that debate is going to start.
We should indeed put issue the of export subsidies on political the agenda and keep it there.
As goes globalisation further and deeper, the areas policy associated external with trade become ever more important.
As we have seen, quite opposite the has happened.
We the have therefore tabled amendments to this effect relating to both the content and methodology.
Across Europe and the world, it us behoves all to stand resolutely it against and its despicable apologists.
Delays in transposition are problem an endemic in the Commission.
The third problem is to do with the tax system, which work penalises and favours capital.
The agricultural area is shining a example.
We need incentives for especially farmers, to encourage young people to move to rural areas.
Nonetheless, Members should be free to put written questions to Commission the and the Council, I although agree it that important is to prevent abuse of this system.
of construction The a new tunnel extremely close to the foundation of the Sagrada Cathedral Família may lead to irreparable damage to that building.
We can use trade policy to respect promote for human rights, energy security, democracy and good governance.
regards As other the amendment, I feel that I should draw attention again to the importance ensuring of transparency this in programme, given particularly the undesirable precedents that have occurred in certain other sectors.
The Commission welcomes constructive report this and supports most of the views expressed in it.
Commissioner, in the case prices of - whether we fix them this now in prices package or reduce them drastically in Agenda 2000 - the problem remains that an intervention still system exists.
The words 'socialism' and 'Communism' may indeed different mean to things different of members our party, but no one could justify the were crimes that perpetrated.
is what Here Mrs Vayssade in wrote a letter 8 dated March 1985. said She that would she like point to out straight away that, pursuant to Rule of the 5(1) Rules of Procedure, a request for the waiver of immunity can only be referred once it been has established that request the is from the appropriate authority.
This means that the result only will be achieved subsidiarity if is not just applied relations to the between Union and the States but national is to extended the territorial authorities - the regional and local authorities - with all due respect for the constitutional systems of the respective countries, of course.
The Europe today of needs to face up to the challenges ahead and we need to learn this lesson now.
So, in accordance with its obligations, the Commission will submit two kinds of proposal financial the before end the of coming six months: a survey financial of prospects the for period 2002-2006 for Union a fifteen of Member States, taking into consideration sums will which continue to be to available cover the cost enlargement of a to number of new States. Member
That is what is forcing principals down this path even where would they actually prefer to concentrate on meeting the educational needs of their students.
believe in a strong Europe, we in believe a strong Commission and believe we we should be natural allies - us let work to We that end.
For weeks thousands now, of migrants have been landing the on shores the of Mediterranean in and, particular, in Malta and Lampedusa, fleeing the situation in their country, where political instability unprecedented reigns.
there Mr President, are countries the in world that do not take human very rights seriously, including China, the last Communist great dictatorship on the planet.
It is always the same old story, it and is always the same old yarn you that spin for us here.
Parliament is in not opposition to other institutions, it is a balance and is it a brake.
It was warmly by welcomed the Council.
Written statements oral and questions (tabling): see Minutes
I As have the said, nitrates directive is a good and well-known example, but there is also EU legislation on pesticides, modified genetically organisms and consumer protection.
I believe that it is to imperative make a distinction in this regard.
Thank for you that response.
There is no doubt that changes these spring directly human from activity, mainly in the countries developed that are mostly responsible for high emissions of greenhouse gases.
Obviously, as I myself will be the President of the sitting then, I will not oppose it.
(ES) Mr President, via the of Presidency this House I would like to send a message of condolence and solidarity to various municipalities in particularly Galicia, in the province of Pontevedra, in view of grave the situation they are suffering a as result of serious floods the since weekend.
Development is in line with the conclusions drawn by the UNDP 2002 Arab Human Report. This
As regards Mr Désir's on report corporate responsibility, social I note statement the that 'Commission initiatives should focus supporting on rather than CSR regulating activities'.
Taxes may seem to be an elaborate solution a during crisis, but if such a measure is properly, implemented its impact can extend beyond fiscal matters into education.
They are very expensive of in resources terms and should be used only when the Commission's policy objectives an make inquiry necessary.
(SV) Mr President, Mr Commissioner, Trichet, the is euro years ten old and it has passed its largely tests, even though the current turbulence is not over yet.
I think the has President already planned to take that action, further Mrs to Roth's speech yesterday, but having said I that, will of course discuss it with him.
There is the also concept smart of and meters the imposition of a deadline for their namely roll-out, years 10 after the entry into force of the Directive.
These are areas which we have already discussed in and which we have already done some preparation, but we to need see what progress we make can it when comes to grants, access trade, our to markets and development aid.
Cuba Nevertheless cannot escape with impunity, it and is vital that we send a clear signal to the authorities that violations fundamental a of including rights, lack of medical care for prisoners, cannot be tolerated.
Europe. we must distinguish the between traditional national of minorities report Mr Moraes’s and the migrant minorities of the Council of Secondly,
Mr (CS) President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, concerning the new framework strategy for multilingualism, I welcome conclusions the aimed at supporting and respecting linguistic which diversity, a is founding principle of the EU, especially view in the of shortsighted tendency cut to the of number working languages on the foolish of grounds wanting reduce to the amount money of spent on interpreting and translation services.
Where was the passion?
Police and judicial in cooperation criminal matters has, remained however, excluded from the scope of such communitisation.
We put also climate change on the agenda of Energy, the and Transport Competitiveness Councils.
Also very significant is the fact that it ensures consumers European extensive to access services goods and in automotive the market.
Then there is the pressure of time under which these are now being conducted and under which they also will have to be implemented.
Nor is the it case one that particular Fair Trade or scheme Fair label Trade that gives scheme or that label an exclusive right to endorsement.
Yet the tragic fate facing thousands the country’s of citizens is being covered up.
The voter rightly asks democratic what control, what accountability, will exercised on be the Central Bank governor?
I now give floor the to Mr Maat.
Potential for growth employment will and be unnecessarily lost, for example, workshop if personnel are allowed drive to 40-tonne trucks repair for purposes, but not empty buses any more.
A European service coastguard will play a crucial in role future.
Although peoples our have varied experiences, nonetheless a uniform understanding historical of events the in European Union is an absolute necessity.
He said I that was a Stalinist.
June The List has therefore rejected the amendments by tabled the Committee on Culture and Education to result of the Parliament's on debates this matter.
The Swedish labour market model is based on the social partners taking responsibility joint for regulating and wages working conditions.
I would stress even the importance monitoring of the competitive behaviour fuel of markets within the European Union.
We are usually so quick to to react all sorts of all events the over world, with one resolution after another, and this yet fundamental crisis seems to have us left speechless.
Amr Secretary-General Moussa and others have underlined the urgency is which more than evident ever he today and has asked for our in help bringing the parties to the table.
So any group that does not part take standardization in may face economic disadvantages.
This is hardly a balance, therefore.
Even though we have not yet negotiations started for an we agreement, can continue and have a we legal basis.
There ten are or twelve states in the United have States which abolished the penalty, death and we here would need to go down a more difficult road, namely to favour not only investment our by enterprises, but also presence the of our institutions of and from representations our States, Member and through these representations from our regions, promote cultural and economic relationships those with states which have the abolished death penalty, in order others to make that understand abolition is a matter of importance to us Europeans.
I that this understand is that something is under consideration and may, in fact, be nearing the of stage cooperation in my own country.
It incorporates essential the features my of ideal of a European prosecutor public and goes far the beyond minimal occasionally concept put forward, which is based on belief the that is it sufficient quite to protect the financial interests of the European Union.
This is an instrument that aims to last for five years and which, a thus, within framework of multiannual will programming, enable to us give effective support to measures designed to improve conditions of to reception, promote to integration and make repatriation voluntary easier, as well reintegration as into and refugees' displaced persons' of countries origin.
of Gentlemen the Council the Commission, and this does Parliament not know the reasons why you do not want joint action.
regards as the boundaries Europe, of I should like to to add what Mr Volcic about said the that Caucasus, right back in antiquity, in the ancient Greek of tragedy Prometheus Bound, it says that this is where the gods tied up Prometheus in order to punish him for giving man that fire, to is the first say elements of modern Now civilisation.
Having spent Good Friday this year in Shanghai where Cathedral the Veneration of the Cross was celebrated by the Bishop of Shanghai, who spent about 20 years of his life solitary in confinement prison, in I am - aware as are we all - of the remarkable sacrifices by made missionaries, Christian and priests bishops in countries where, alas, freedom religion of is not enjoyed as it is by and large the in European Union.
In I conclusion, support would has what been said about the need to convene another Intergovernmental Conference to examine the necessary reform of European institutions.
the The Parliament and in particular European integration do not generally lend themselves to internal political games which are aimed solely at keeping certain politicians in power one from election to European next.
The last updates were made in 2000 and 2001.
hope I I given have an account to colleagues of why think I is it right course to take and that it is a matter simply of an objective and fair-minded reading the of Protocol rather than an attempt to engage a in judgement political either way about of the state affairs in the Italian Republic.
and constant increase in the number of landless people is in Cambodia contributing to an ever-worsening situation, in that these people have no unless prospects they sell sons their The daughters.
to According the rapporteur, Slovakia should wait because even though the made choice Parliament by in ought September to make it possible for the political of requirements the Copenhagen to be criteria met, the economic situation has deteriorated.
As regards the farmers' liability for defective products, we however, must ensure at costs all that the producers agricultural of inputs - for example seeds, plant-protection and fertilising as agents, well as animal feed pursuant 85/374/EEC to Directive - can held be liable.
We also need to more work with closely our from partners developing countries in order to plan carefully for their participation and in contribution to future a agreement.
Thus, finance ministries will the allocate funds as they see fit according to the interests their of countries, within the sphere wide of infrastructures.
Restricting income and expenditure impacts directly on countries, all because it requires changes to structure the financing of cohesion policy and its restricting scope.
Some people say there that is a tension between these two ideals.
In the fact, Committee Industrial on Affairs, the Commission, felt like that the .eu top-level domain become must operational as soon as possible and must be able to quickly work and efficiently in order to be successful.
If is there better opportunity for scrutiny, we will in turn be delegate willing to much more readily.
However, we should remember in past that years the quality of pesticides was much they worse, were used higher in much doses, times many higher, and, as a result, the pollution in our environment is a consequence of activities in years past.
is expected that the forthcoming EU-Canada Summit would focus on reinforcement of the political between relationship the two partners, in particular addressing such shared challenges as negotiations a on comprehensive economic trade agreement, foreign security challenges, and a response coordinated to and the economic financial as crisis also climate change and It energy.
the Does Finnish Presidency that the consider basic conditions recognising Turkey for as eligible for membership of the European Union at least should comprise dropping the demand for international recognition of a >Turkish-Cypriot state= in the territories occupied of the Republic of Cyprus in order to launch intercommunal talks, Turkey=s agreement to seek settlements of the differences between Greece and Turkey on the basis of international law its and institutions, and opening the on of talks the democratic and cultural rights the Kurds? of
Yet we a have real chance to catch up.
US. have been repeatedly told, for example, the that was shielded eurozone from the major repercussions of the economic slowdown in the We
Netherlands. to say, this will problems, cause certainly the in short term, for clubs smaller in smaller footballing nations, such as the Needless
Before - the vote:
The third aspect is even more sensitive, because women are not vehicles only of peace, but also alas – – vehicles of war; the servicewoman American in the Abu Ghraib is a prison terrible of example that.
No doubt the Commission will come up with more proposals along those lines.
Let it not be is thought that research only just beginning it - indispensable was to past generations' means to live and enjoy life, and indeed to those of own our generation, and that far more so new than technology have would us believe.
Small Business Act become has incorporated into European thinking in recent The times.
More half than the amendments tabled are acceptable to the as Commission they in are principle or in part.
The would directive also that ensure the existing rules were enforced equitably.
That enough will be to change the opinion of the people the of Republic of Ireland.
There is absolutely no of mention this in impact the assessment.
have been court two high decisions, namely the in House of Lords and the Italian Constitutional Court, which that state the legal protection of designs only protects the design and not the components which constitute There it.
Loans are for needed firms to be started up, for and training for infrastructure.
It is worth that noting EU has the surpassed the goals drawn up in Kyoto.
In particular case the Commission has the examined question on the basis of the legal principles of the of working the single this market.
We him wish well on his mission to Baghdad.
On behalf of the Committee on External Relations Economic I should particularly like thank the to for agreeing rapporteur to accept the new conclusions our from committee which he has incorporated in his and work for which I had the honour to draft the opinion.
ITER is an ambitious project that undoubtedly smacks of serendipity: scientific can we find things without knowing how to for look them.
You may ask whether this is contrary to the spirit of Treaty the of Maastricht, but it is clearly a not which point we can debate at the moment.
I wish sincerely President Karzai ex-king and Mohammad Zahir Shah well with all the problems challenging that they face in months the to come.
writing. in - (PT) We denounce the unacceptable political manoeuvre led the by most reactionary sectors the of EP to to try use a report on 'African agriculture' to legitimate participation criticise the of the President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, a full member country of the African Union, in the EU-Africa forthcoming summit meeting.
Much attention has been paid...
institutions Ombudsman in exist all ten of the states that will join the next Union year.
Fishing communities have which seen their fleets cut must be now supported to be able to what retain is left and encouraged to break in new with developments.
to regard the UN, if a matter is not sufficiently serious the in eyes of the Americans it for to assert the right to the state rules of law international and to support this with military action, the UN goes from humiliation to rebuff to retreat, and its list of from the failures, UN peacekeepers of the former Belgian Congo to the intervention mission to Sierra Leone, must be a long With one.
It is well-known that, with regard to the European Prosecutor, the Italian Government and current Presidency the Union have decided to to adhere the text submitted to the Union European by Convention. the
This is structure poorly suited to administrative structure and financial multi-annual frameworks.
Germany, France, Belgium other and like-minded countries embark could on programme a of close and mutual military cooperation the within framework of NATO and establish a Defence Community that would act as a strong European pillar NATO. of
Parliament should simply take a clear to position, put an end to this once debate for and all.
debate Today’s concerns the report by Mr Marinho, whom I should like to congratulate on the of quality his work.
I have also been member a of the Convention, and for ten in years a row I have represented my in country different formations of the Council.
If the people of are Europe to know, firstly, that this exists, Constitution and secondly, having given it some thought, that they want it, it is vital that they themselves be should asked.
It is indeed to important between distinguish should what be done and what the Commission needs to do.
Despite that the fact these high-flown ideas have mainly been that rejected, they do not form part the of Hague Programme and they that have aroused the fierce opposition hundreds of of NGOs and of a great many members both national of and parliaments of House, this we remain concerned, because the Hague Programme includes a reference to a feasibility study on the processing of asylum outside applications the EU and because also we are aware that EUR 1 million has been enable released the to Commissioner High for Refugees to strengthen its capacities for dealing with asylum seekers in North African countries.
Commission. text also supports four-part the policy structure formulated for flexicurity by the The
While it difficult is to the forecast outcome of the current round, the one thing we can be certain about is that reduction a in tariff protection will be part of any agreement.
is What more, Kuwait is a the signatory to UN' s International Convention on the elimination of all forms discrimination of against women.
In this way, Mr President, I believe we will be able respond to the to difficult situations experienced being by certain Latin American and countries create an extensive of range between relations our regions two which should culminate - and this is what wants Parliament - in the summit coming of of Heads State in Mexico, and we hope that these agreements can lead the way to strategic a bi-regional and partnership which will result in this global partnership we want to see.
I, too, am not satisfied by the way human rights are being observed and by how is democracy functioning in Kiev, but what have you done - has what this and House done, what have all who those have with today, such high principles, condemned the with situation Tymoshenko Mrs - what you have done to send a signal clear to and Kiev other cities of that Ukraine we are their friends and allies, that we are for waiting them, and that House this one should day be enlarged by the presence of Ukrainian Members?
We must remain vigilant, but must not lump everything together by listing examples of individual attacks perpetrated in States Member fighting racism and against homophobia with extreme openly positions adopted by some governments.
It is very important that we, as Europeans, that ensure we also take the European to Belarus, message thereby offering a prospect of hope there.
I that if believe we just voting were on Mr Díaz de Mera's report, as such, with the ideas that he has been putting forward, I would be fully in favour.
2008 European discharge: Medicines Agency
Real European integration of former countries communist requires not just truth and restitution also but the condemnation of dictatorship.
In spite of the present circumstances, I hope able to be to bring forward the proposal.
Talking of clearing settlement and market regulation, must we recognise that this is a complex matter which perhaps needs to be solved gradually.
This is, of a course, reaction, we but also to have be proactive in to order avoid ending up all with lies these or half truths circulating about what is going on.
Shortly afterwards, the Minister, Hungarian Foreign together with his Austrian counterpart, Mock, Alois cut through the Iron Curtain.
European People's Party attaches importance particular to anti-discrimination The policy.
This development is aggravated by the steadily monopolization increasing of production and, all, above distribution; as a result, inferior cultural imported products from and America elsewhere the dominate market.
What you will be doing to ensure that those things two occur?
That is a fact.
Commissioners and of Members the European Parliament have no business anything saying here.
As Alvaro has Mr said, just admittedly rather cautiously, we can have look another at this in six months' time.
I that hope we can end up with a serious conference, a situation in which commitments entered into not will just be taken but seriously verified be and as verifiable well.
welcome I the fact, that however, Parliament rejected Amendments Nos 16, 17 and 18, which were intended to restrict the annual average Community budget to a maximum of 1% of Community in GNP – line with wishes of the the signatories of the ‘Letter of Six’ the – renationalise, and to or, to put it more accurately, to do away with the Community regional policy.
We are not certainly arguing for all payments of agricultural subsidies to specific a country to be suspended, however; what are saying we that is if things continuously go wrong in certain a sector, the Commission must be able to stop paying the into money the Member State's account the until situation improves.
That . is the salami solution: decisions are taken in small chunks and before we know it, we are a facing
the include mid-term review of Agenda 2000, consumer protection and These enlargement.
share this view and believe that these measures can taken be by each country which introduced has the euro without any contribution from the EU I budget.
Let us look at how we can improve the current system the within means that we have.
We must ensure that regional aspects are taken into account.
We have hardly anything to be proud of, in my view, as the exemption regards which will be made in respect companies of the belonging to European Union, when we leave our in partners third the countries to face the of power America alone.
am I very well of aware the implications of the Treaty.
We now agreed have re-arrange the to entire budget in a number of defined clearly sectors according to international agreements in field the of poverty control and, following on from to this, submit annual reports on the results within the various sectors to our Parliament.
employment As statistics show, labour market have reforms unfortunately, not, been strong enough to create the of sort momentum translates which into new jobs, to the point that, even in countries such as Greece has which of growth around 4%, unemployment is still a problem.
Shame on you!
The truth is that we need a framework new of rules for Europe and, therefore, the that impulse gave the rise Constitution to was entirely correct.
The Council Transport of needs Ministers to take a political decision to address this.
be discuss can this with each other a for long time, but in the meantime the closure of Chernobyl would We jeopardized.
The investment needs to be visionary.
But first allow me quick a word on the implementation of the 2007 programme.
For me it is simple.
We that believe the Committee on and Employment Social Affairs should have responsibility for those issues now being dealt by with the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities.
It brilliantly supports the aim of a common maritime policy to growth, boost and employment sustainable development, at the time same building on a firm knowledge base of maritime research.
You elected were with a healthy majority.
Under these circumstances, duties the fall to myself.
is a great opportunity, as Mr Harbour and others This have said.
It is not necessary to separate so-called core value-added and services, contrary the to view the of rapporteur.
It is pure selfishness.
This that means the risks using involved in this technology will also be greater than anywhere in the world.
Therefore, to convince our partners in development to join us, must we obviously address the question of the aid they should be given and wait for the not of results Copenhagen the Summit.
It because is the EU economy is now largest the in the world.
The sub-committee would consist of of representatives the Member States professional and bodies.
I sure am we will the not have success we are actually looking next year for either, but we will see they that are becoming more meaningful, as it were, sector by sector.
I am therefore asking the to Commissioner make clear very in her speech the that Commission thinking of is further going and also to say when we can expect other proposals.
For example, waste should only be shipped where truly necessary and unfortunately the proposed regulation not is strong as as be it should on this.
Colombia. President, it would appear from the last speech that the Government the of Kingdom United is responsible for violence the in Mr
There also should be coordination at European network level.
Mr President, President of the Commission, it seems that some our of Member States been have by seized a seven-year itch: is the it irresistible urge to scratch around for the best financial deal for themselves.
European unification a is project of peace and freedom.
Let us not delude that ourselves the newly-established EU diplomacy will play a leading role from the outset, when individual the Member States such have strong particularistic interests.
They will also permit an of exchange data elements, real in time, between customs authorities, in order to risk perform and improve analysis controls within the framework of common risk management.
We it must make clear that the interests of the Commission and its are members necessarily not ours, and I think that in this the light two reports have which submitted been can be given our full approval.
The Commission contact in should particular the ministers of health education and in the Northern Ireland Assembly, Ms Brun de and Mr Martin McGuinness.
Mr (IT) President, ladies and gentlemen, honestly I would have preferred not to witnessed have this afternoon's debate.
Too many cosy deals were with other done people's and money people were prepared turn to a blind eye to the weaknesses of those deals.
well also means that we should not bring to this House any disagreements national or dissensions (which real are and deep), as were brought regrettably from some Spain months ago, as you This know.
For the EU, it will serve also to guarantee with compliance Community legislation.
Mr President, the European Union raise must about concerns the unhealthy practices have that developed alongside the industrialisation and transportation mass livestock of in parts of Asia.
Europe. figure is smaller than we had but hoped, it does provide a basis for drawing up long-term development plans, something that particularly is important for poorest the regions in This
It is imperative that the particular of circumstances the outermost regions taken be account in into the context of these negotiations, accordance in with Article 299 of the Treaty.
The President of European the Parliament, Pöttering, Mr also took part these in discussions, and we worked out common a position.
I think it is necessary to correlate TEN-T the (Trans-European Network of Transport) strategy, where the Danube comes point under 18, the with new territorial and economic development strategy, so development that takes place a in cohesive manner.
Clearly the cross-border delivery of professional services by whose qualifications people are mutually and unimpeachably recognised, in a that manner addresses the issues quality of consumer and protection by raised a number of my colleagues, is an absolutely of indispensable part that move forward to complete the internal market.
This is also an international problem going far beyond the boundaries of the European Union, thus calling for the efforts of the international entire community.
We should remember that the European Parliament asked in October 2001 for 10% of the Community cooperation development budget to be allocated to health.
It would be to impossible with deal disasters like flooding major or fires, in particular, without unpaid, unsalaried workers.
That, however, would mean forgetting the generations of who died workers have as a of result working with even asbestos, though its harmful nature was already known.
Moreover, I would be if grateful we held it in Brussels and not in Strasbourg.
I myself worked on the protection soil directive.
I certainly feel that random is sampling we something are going to have to to learn live with.
The signing the of Lisbon Treaty and the EU-Africa will summit their take place as landmarks in European history.
I would one add word of caution.
Sporting events and the and who men women take part them in captivate millions in stadia and on television screens and motivate people copy to their and idols engage in sport.
That means, for example - and we on this voted last month - setting up a European public reinforcing prosecutor, and Eurojust reinforcing Europol.
I that understand may there be some problems concerning ratification by some Member States.
(Applause)
Everyone will acknowledge the value of regulations clear in continually a developing field the where economic legal and stakes are considerable.
I am therefore, wondering, if you are such preparing a ban and if it would not fit in very well with your approach the to precautionary principle itself to come with up an such initiative.
The examples which the rapporteur gives are very ones, good our but on work texts simplifying and making them more readable must focus on existing both and future legislation.
It does bode not well for continued cooperation within the that EU power is more important than intellectual arguments.
This is long-standing between quarrel the European and Parliament the Commission, I know.
More specifically, with to regard the problem of setting up permanent a working group, my group has reservations.
share I the rapporteur's concern about the exceptionally low of resources expenditure in the objective regions in Belgium.
Rights. it is in of breach the principles of the EU of Charter Fundamental Moreover,
The list of Members the requested who the floor shows which Members took the floor under Rule 150 in the previous sitting.
Your is word all we need correct to the Minutes.
result. we allow global warming to the continue, dreaded, scenario worst-case in northwestern Europe well may take Warming could divert North Atlantic sea currents, causing northern Fennoscandia to far have a more severely climate cold than it does as now a If place.
I pray that this new country may have wisdom, that so and law justice flourish can there.
In relation to the Middle I East, would still insist that for us, as Europeans, the Middle East peace and process the problem will there amongst remain the priorities of our foreign security and policy.
In a sharp reaction to irresponsible an American power fell intervention, into the hands of the Khmer Rouge, a movement that laboured under the illusion that the destruction of cities the and the intellectuals would mean major progress for the poor farming population.
We better need infrastructure for our inland waterways to improve links our with Eastern Europe, and there is a not single inland waterways project in the TENs, nor is a there single project under our of programmes Europe. aid to Eastern
This practical once example again shows how inadequate the current measures have been.
Secondly, we are going to experience a very severe recession.
We are quite a way long from it but we made have some progress.
as As far the last comment is concerned, on coordinating aid and intervention in Somalia, to I have say that, obviously, the is European Union working together with United the Nations, it is implementing some of its programmes and is it one of the founder members of the initiative to aid coordinate Somalia set to up in Nairobi.
It worries me that are we sending the wrong signal to the citizens Turkey of and reinforcing the influence anti-European of and Islamic fundamentalist forces.
We live in an area of freedom, security and justice, where citizens European enjoy freedom of movement.
are provided for under the strand of research infrastructure that would have important for some implications regions in Europe, and, last but not least, the Eranet and the Eranet+ will activities that also involve research players regional at Activities level.
It needs also to able be to speak the to world with one, strong as voice a force of peace and cooperation.
States. this context, the Council like would draw to Parliament's attention to the fact that it in is the process of finalising fourth the round of mutual evaluations on the practical implementation of the European arrest warrant and the surrender procedures between the Member In
The Commission in communication its is right when it recommends the partial relief of loans.
The Mediterranean southern countries are begging us to a make effort determined to come up with solutions quickly.
A European Union an with exemplary policy national on could minorities even take more effective action in the Caucasus too.
Do we use our own judgement?
My own view is that the best solution with to regard overall emissions to is to switch systems use that carbon dioxide.
Thank you for speech, your Mr Farage.
President, Mr Commissioner, President-in-Office, Mr to with start the question of the enlargement strategy, I like to should say that, judging from enlargements to date from and how we approach new candidate countries, I think the that of policy the European not Union does always help in the addressing economic and of social problems the workers and of societies the which have acceded or will and, accede in numerous cases, assistance, financial and otherwise, is inadequate either or goes in the wrong direction and, a as result, regional and social equalities are either perpetuated or extended.
I declare the adjourned session of the European Parliament.
Of course, we reject ideas of levelling downwards and quality we want production EU to attention receive and be valued.
For this reason I we believe must tell the that Swiss we cannot will and not accept exorbitant charges.
Action has be to taken rectify to the situation and to this address pressing issue.
I would very like much to know on what kind scientific of evidence Greens the basing are all these amendments.
We are therefore on calling the Council Commission and just the not take to up a position Hu for Jia but also to use the next EU-China summit to call for a commitment to human rights.
We welcome intensive interest Parliament's in this subject and in particular the constructive and very ambitious stance of Mr report Titley's which encourages the to Council pursue and further improve its work in this area.
My only is criticism an that attempt has been to made hijack the report on behalf of Taiwan the lobby.
We are, preparing then, special legislation which we are now rushing through and which will, of course, mean that smaller airlines that wish to enter the with market competitive will prices not be allowed to this offer service as to us consumers, who shall instead have put to up with airlines which do not the deliver which goods and - when they deliver do - only them do so at high unduly prices.
Thank you, Commissioner.
It the is natural setting for children.
Mr President, in we the Affairs Committee on Foreign - agreement, in I believe, with the supporting committees, namely Committee the on Budgets and the Committee on Industry - wish to recommend rejection.
Mr President, I the get feeling that disagreeable the rapporteur sees the terrorism fight against as just as big a problem as terrorism itself.
We have discussed doping, and today are we faced an with even more serious matter, case the individual of a company.
Mr President, in progress Europe over a generation shapes the response to the political challenge since fall the of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
If the quotas abolished are it will mean the that investments farmers have buying made quotas and thereby stabilising production conditions will have gone to waste.
Commission The has already undertaken a number initiatives of in to order boost consumer confidence in the internal market.
Mr I President, accept Vitorino’s Commissioner call for citizens to be informed.
That is the minimum, for there otherwise, is little point to it.
However, what less was expected was the degree to which the pluralistic forces were able to get together.
In addition to its symbolic its import, cultural and psychological effects, it will imply and generate powerful a integrating logic which is going change everything: to policies, monetary economic policies and budgetary policies, etc.
The Parliament European must not be excluded participation from in decision-making on transport issues.
We have been given assurances on the basis of which we can always call the new Member States to account after their accession.
How will an equal distribution of applicants for asylum in the EU be achieved standards if because vary States Member obliged are to higher retain standards?
The item next is the (A4-0282/98) report by Mr Gallagher, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, the proposal on for a Regulation Council on the conclusion of a Protociol setting out fishing the opportunities and financial contribution for provided in the between agreement the Community European and the Republic Madagascar of on fishing off Madagascar for the period from 21 May 1998 to 20 May 2001 (COM(98)0390 - C4-0456/98-98/0217(CNS)).
Whether his abilities, which were not up coping to with energy issues, will be for the adequate tax portfolio remains to be seen.
In that regard, 26 years is a good probably compromise and can we readily accept it.
Commissioner. would like to thank Mrs Estévez Fraga chairing for our but, committee above all, I would like to thank the I
Secondly, as announced in June, work has begun on of a review EU rights human policy.
The current of example E10 in Germany demonstrates that this is not happening.
There are sound arguments for stopping using them immediately.
of those affected the is Director-General of the Directorate-General, Fisheries Mr Smidt, who, I would like to make abundantly enjoys clear, my complete confidence; he and I work well One together.
I am also that pleased the report is very clear the on that fact must we ensure the full and complete the application of Geneva Convention and refuse to accept any attempt to renegotiate it.
I believe there could not be a apt more and at the time same bitter more example that than of Iceland today.
Why? 
For example, the proposal will allow mobilisation for the of extra transport and equipment will provide platform a upon which to contribute to the development early of warning systems.
I would like to thank the President-in-Office for reply, that though I even think is it unacceptable wholly that the Council will not discuss the treaty which the European has Council just concluded.
I think the do that constitution has to give everyone who possesses a right, additional the to right approach the in ECJ Luxembourg, a right million that 380 Europeans are meant to be given by the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
Energy conservation must come first.
As a new MEP and a of representative new a Member State, I the find very existence of the Bilbao Agency a matter for concern.
live in a world of rules and regulations: us let the regulate Internet too give and our fellow citizens and rules hope for the We future.
I therefore call on Council the not to let another year pass without saving human lives, those like of the 19 Ogonis.
us the end, although report this is nominally about Russia, in reality it concerns In too.
This is because, rather than merely recognising common fundamental was values, it to decided share those in values legislative acts; because the prioritises norms Constitution over negotiation; permanent because it affirms the sovereignty of and acts the inalienable dignity of man as reason a for, an and objective of, European policies; it because articulates a programme of global justice that transcends national interests and complements the of effectiveness Member States’ internal constitutions; because it brings together modern European political in identity a system of universal values incorporating all of other the identities; because represents it sense the of to belonging cosmopolitan a and world; because anthropocentric it is the starting point for a league of nations in a more and rational more balanced world; because it is the constitutional homeland with which homelands all identify in this Europe, with a view to a creating new Europe.
conclusion, In all the indications are that the defence civil is one sector where the EU needs capacity a to act, because are some disasters on a scale too big for individual Member States to tackle.
must Union. understand this and must not offended be by the that fact we be will asking questions, assessing the situation and checking that the of rights the Kurdish are minority respected, and that they the enjoy same rights as all ethnic other minorities in the European Ankara
The resolution proposed by the forces political of the European Left, through the Group Confederal of the European United Green Left, Left/Nordic is similar in spirit.
This would simply mean jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
In our the view, overtones of the drafted report by Mr Markov on appeared sight first to be that free trade poverty exacerbates rather than reducing it. Our group this rejected position.
As the euro comes we in a expect in growth trade across our frontiers and the procedures for dealing effectively this with trade must be in place.
I shall not go into the all points the which rapporteur has but made, simply present the overall view of the Liberal Group a as guideline for the future work of the Commission and the Council, is since that ultimately what is at issue.
There is sufficient evidence to warrant a whole re-think on the health implications of these masts.
First, in relation political support, to I was glad to hear Brok Mr referring the to visit representatives of the from transitional National Assembly to this Parliament recently, and it was a welcome event.
There think I the election has been going on for ages, and we still do not know Democratic the who for candidate the Presidential elections is.
We have identified clearly the shortcomings remaining in relation to these issues in the Partnership. Accession
There is also an awareness-raising programme and different campaigns.
Quality of petrol and fuels diesel
In opposing this report, the CPNT (Hunting, Nature Fishing, and Tradition) delegation the to Group for a and of Europe Democracies Diversities draws attention to the fact foreign that policy, more so than any cannot other, created be by harmonising on the of basis averages and that it cannot be created, either, by using millions that we do not have.
should We therefore be making a it of priority the Luxembourg presidency to encourage the Commission put to resources real into at consultations an early stage its in proposals and to test whether its competitiveness is appropriate.
is Today the anniversary of the birth of that It is significant a date of grave for import, particularly the Catholic Protestant and minority Vietnamese of Montagnards who are being by oppressed this regime. regime.
Therefore, I in abstained, the belief that progress on a European patent system is needed, but that the best would solution be language one only: English.
In during general, the debates on rights human on Thursday afternoons, when I usually take floor, the we find ourselves discussing extremely serious cases and dangerous indeed. They tend to be of cases violation of human rights, murder and rape.
In the course yesterday's of meeting between the Commission as whole a and the German I Government, met with Naumann, Mr the Minister, Culture and put this view to him.
Guaranteeing agricultural incomes at decent is levels not just an economic issue.
We also have take to into consideration research in the of field alternative fuels.
that I think in the Internal Market Committee we can all be that proud we reached have a consensus on increased transparency and to ways finally eliminate the problem bill of shock.
We put this challenge our to fellow Members.
believe I that today's text will provide a good basis for effective cooperation the between European Commission and the European Parliament in the future.
I welcome all that has been said vulnerability about the of small businesses and I wonder the if going UK is to introduce any measures to ameliorate their situation.
But we have managed to made significant headway through Community action.
The presidency told the Government and opposition parties that the European Union prepared was provide further to support for economic and democratic development in Albania, as the long country as made it possible for the EU do to by so restoring and order making internal changes.
December I part-session and (4 5 December, Brussels):
Ukraine (
need We China order in to isolate Iran, so that neither Iran nor anyone that say dares to that they going are to wipe Israel off map the has access to a nuclear bomb.
The drive for must democracy be based on local ownership and respect for local sensitivities.
They also not agree would to take climate change issues related to livestock into production consideration.
This is not a time for debate, ladies    and gentlemen.
I hope further results will be with achieved our Iranian partners.
Support should be provided for modernising and renewing fleets, national fishing which would mean a definitive end to the policy the scrapping of indiscriminate of vessels.
Let hope us it is gone forever.
In an enlarged Europe, more effective systems for managing our legislation an have become absolute necessity.
The compromise that is being now struck is a great improvement on the one in Mrs Breyer's proposal, which the was subject of in vote the Commission.
for voted the report, which should ensure more transparency for that bodies create standards in the construction industry, places an emphasis on recycling and gives SMEs an easier route to single the market simplified with I procedures.
It is difficult very to set up joint rules on illegal material.
An of exchange information is obviously vital.
In this report, therefore, we have specified three main objectives that we should think be pursued: setting up multi-fund programmes, enhancing assistance technical and drawing up European a guide.
We oppose all - efforts and I say this and unequivocally - categorically to include political-military structures in the regardless EEAS, of whether this happens now or in the future, as been has recently proposed by France, among others, the in Council.
The Federal Government in Germany completely in failed with connection the EHEC epidemic.
Are there any comments?
President, Mr the Tradition Identity, and Sovereignty Group congratulates you, of course.
Let us that hope we get can this concluded well before December.
I am rather surprised at the length of it take time this for House to be to some extent informed about the draft agreement, whereas lobbyists have other and groups the complete texts of agreements made available to them.
When revising expenditure programmes, Court the suggests applying a set of principles ensure to that European added value is likely, that objectives are the clear, that schemes the are realistic as and simple as is reasonably possible, accountability and that is also clear.
They are our main allies.
If it is possible for something be to with treated contempt here, then it will be.
My question then is: are Where the cuts to be made?
Perhaps I might ask Mr if Fischler there is any progress made in this direction.
when this has been achieved, when this has been established the on basis of a criterion, workable will we ordinary citizens have the impression that the European Union, Mr President, Madam Commissioner, anything is than more one enormous Only market-place.
I call on the Commission to the defend high level of protection provided by the framework European during regulatory the of course the negotiations under way.
We in Union the European must follow these regulations and ensure we that follow the same patterns.
It is vital that the citizens accept the euro.
We cannot allow it to continue.
in - (PL) writing. I am voting in favour of the report the on proposal relating the to Regulation of European the Parliament and Council concerning roaming on mobile public telephone within networks the Community and amending Directive 2002/21/EC the on common regulatory framework for electronic communications.
Will similar restrictions be lifted in areas the of Kingdom United not by affected the disease?
appeal I make would at the end of contribution, my therefore, is that the high-level group by announced the Commissioner morning, this which is begin its to very work shortly, should make a real effort to a find way of protecting interests, farmers' seeking somehow an outcome which is in keeping with the objectives declared - very ambitious ones - of the The reform.
Mr President, . are there no institutional barriers separating one group from another, and there nothing is to prevent anyone from demonstrating their worth and being rewarded for it.
Unfortunately the over change to digital TV in Malta is creating monopolies new where consumers are simply being asked to pay for the screening sports popular of which events until today have enjoyed been free of charge.
The criteria in the cannot Treaty be changed.
We obviously need to examine these attacks attacks or apparent to find out what went wrong with our security systems, but is there no as doubt, has been said time and again this afternoon, here that the counter-terrorism policy must be a carefully thought-out, and calm policy deliberate and must be applied in a proportional manner.
Nor can I believe longer any in the dogma interest of rates which constantly remain low.
Instead, the Commission and parts the of European Parliament a visualise smart card on all which your data would be stored.
The natural thing to do, course, would of be us for to take promises seriously the we made to the electorate, to take seriously the fact that House should this be made up of people with a direct popular mandate, to and seriously the take fact that it is not governments but representatives elected who change the Treaties.
Lastly, on this also subject, I hope we can discuss again the so-called to information' 'right , a because right which, of equal opportunities, should clearly concern not only the of citizens the European but Union also all those living outside who receive programmes produced inside the EU.
At the time same we should avoid this discussion appearing to be a smoke-screen, hiding the that fact market forces are public destroying services and doing away 'public with service' as operative an concept.
There are three concerns main throughout evident Mrs Schaffner's report.
Ukraine. (DE) President, the battle is over and at least for next the parliamentary term, Mr Yanukovich will be of president Madam
Adults must adapt to the continuous imposed change by globalisation and take decisions in order to be to able survive maintaining while an of adequate quality life.
Mr President, for a pluralist such assembly as ours today is a great day, both because of very the well-produced report Mr Laschet by which in all types of suggestion have been accepted, because and of the presence of the Secretary-General the Kofi of UN, Annan, in order to receive the Sakharov Prize, which represents a strengthening of International Law as the only way to resolve conflicts internationally.
Action needed is to do away with stereotypes in this regard.
The submission of Serbian the Government's replies to the European Commission's questionnaire, which Minister Prime Cvetković will over hand to Füle Commissioner month, this will an be historic step for the Serbian state and for its all citizens.
The question, of course, is the where illegal occupying regime in northern finds Cyprus nerve the to take action, such especially in an area under British sovereignty.
The common area of freedom, security and justice is the one which in the greatest progress has been to date achieved view - a shared by the Russian side.
Today some people Europe think is part of the problem than rather part its of solution.
This concerns everybody involved in fisheries and will provide understanding greater of wastage and how that can system be improved, in also terms of the Hail system and declaring the target species to be caught.
We must get away from 15 the systems different I mentioned earlier; however, we must ensure Member States that have an and input, in those areas where higher standards exist must we that insist they are maintained.
Mr in Brock, particular, got it right when he said that there a is mystery in our relationship with that things makes us realise that we have mastered not everything, that advanced however we may be, we have got not the to answer problems all nature that poses to humans and the magnitude of earthquake this reminds us of exactly that.
Mr (DE) President, I am convinced the that for proposal a Services Directive on which we have represents voted the achievement of a compromise good between freedom to provide services on one the hand, and the need to in impose restrictions the interests workers of and of small and medium-sized enterprises on the other.
That lies way folly and further trouble.
theory The that of transfers company seats can be arranged that a such company started is up in a neighbouring country and one's then own company merged with it under the Directive on could mergers scarcely be more bureaucratic.
These statements – and I am addressing the under-secretary, Antonione Mr – utterly were and unacceptable totally devoid of any with connection the expressed policy by the European Union up to now.
To achieve this, we need, accordingly, to introduce diesel or filters recycle gases exhaust introduce and selective reduction catalytic devices.
In the economic future, development have will a influence decisive on the reduction of especially poverty, investment small and in medium business, which provides the local market in developing countries with goods services and and creates higher added value, and offers for opportunities world trade.
their The of Serbia are to entitled know the truth about the recent policies of war committed in citizens name.
We need it we but cannot treat the Franco-German axis as if were there still only of 12 us.
Secondly, should we welcome the fact that through conciliation the procedure Parliament was to able convince the Council the European that Commission should be for responsible central management of programme the as it has been so far.
European. are two topics of which, their nature, are very These
has Neo-liberalism and plainly simply ruined the economy and a wind of in change Europe is long overdue.
This proposal was accepted the by Veterinary Standing Committee when and, it is adopted, formally Member States will be required to ensure removal of the vertebral column.
Does the Council believe that Member each State has the right prohibit to flights such over its territory?
like the Slovak Republic, cannot escape the need adapt to its educational not system, only in relation to the European Union, also but in the context globalization of and the of development the new technologies we are seeing Poland, today.
These also contribute to the process of building confidence in the ICT reports sector.
President, Mr Commissioner, integration the of of the economies the poorest countries into world the trade system will remain an illusion unless returns the envisaged take into difficulties account the which those countries have in trading and, particularly, in developing.
Cold War may be over, but real wars, conflicts regions between groups, and states, have not The subsided.
Unfortunately, we have been forced to note Mrs Jeggle's report that failed has to live up to the expectations high that we of had it, amongst other things in the way it stresses that high standards animal of protection lead reduced to competitiveness.
We are trying to create one.
We are things talking about that seriously damage the marketplace.
have been on working this in my DG since We then.
Much has been done so but far, daunting challenges remain of ahead us.
are to lessons be in learnt our with dialogue the United States, in particular, regarding solidarity, governance, regarding transparency regarding regulation and of the global economy, and for we Europeans there are lessons to be learnt as regards the safeguarding - I that use deliberately word - the consolidation of the internal market, the in 'reconciliation the of market and society', to a word repeat that I adopted have my as used own, by Mario Monti, to whom President Barroso has moreover usefully entrusted a on task this There issue.
I see it an essential as anchor for the preservation of multiculturalism and the need to state that not everything can be liberalised, that liberalisation must firstly and serve ultimately the citizens, who are ones the who should benefit.
Last week, the mayor of Osman Diyarbakir, was Baydemir, banned from leaving the country.
rapporteur for calls a comprehensive in-depth and review of existing restrictive measures and believe I that she is right to do The so.
If we do not react and responsibly in correctly the weeks to come, we could a see split starting to form.
Perhaps is necessary it to begin applying pressure which very is much stronger than at present.
I believe the that institutions European can each strengthen other mutually and that we all can emerge as winners from this constructive debate.
now, contrary what to happened in the era, Communist parties various part take in the elections, the power resides party with one once more, other parties are systematically and sabotaged the leader of the ruling party is being Although glorified.
the Council is also examining the possibility of action, further whereby it must always be ensured – and I know that you with agree this – that any action taken must not harm The population.
Nevertheless, operators will stop having ecopoints 1 from January 2004 and is it therefore necessary to adopt a decision with regard the immediate to application of future the provisional points system and allow the circulation of lorries in through transit Austria a in clear and manner, decisive with those limitations which, again, once pointing I am out.
I support European the Parliament's position and the activity external of the EIB, although I would stress the regrettable fact that projects financing outside the Union European harms often competitiveness within EU the in cases of direct competition.
States and the Commission not are shouldering their Member responsibilities.
– and Ladies gentlemen, I welcome the amendments to the structural that funds the Council adopted in the recent negotiations.
We also suggest not focusing on the exclusively situation of countries in debt but balancing it assessment with an of countries in surplus.
After all, health is insurance expensive enough as it is.
aid provided Community in for this regulation can and should help to achieve greater compliance with , the in order to prepare for the takeover which will be a necessary after the solution to Cyprus issue has been found, and indeed of one the primary aims of this financial support instrument is promote to such a The solution.
In his other words, knee left does not mutually recognise his right any more and he is able not to be here today.
President Prodi, there is no way around true reform in agriculture.
is in governments' interests to cooperate openly and in a systematic more manner within Euro the Council and to work on achieving the best harmony possible between the monetary and budgetary It policies.
For these the reasons, MEPs of Communist the Party Greece of abstained from the vote.
The problem is, that single market its success and and future its development are far too often taken for granted.
I forestry am in favour of the report as aims it to regulate simplify and legislation on braking devices of wheeled agricultural or tractors.
How the external impact of the industry strategy be will evaluated?
I think it would be the if better Commission did propose not code a conduct of on minimum standards for consultation but for itself, rather if we could jointly consider there whether is not some scope for all three institutions to make a joint commitment under an Interinstitutional Agreement.
We are often prone that to think the European social model is timeless, but policy social clearly must also change, not only through globalisation, also but through the social economy, expectations, the demographic challenge and values, changing since we find must responses suitable to the challenges we face.
The timing an of agreement is critical its to success.
Mr the dictatorship military in power in Burma is once again becoming notorious for its cruelty, its inhumanity, President, its despotism.
We are just at the beginning.
Subject: Ratification of Agreements Europe
We should not, in our ongoing existential reflection, the neglect question to as how can we best a enhance stable zone of liberty and democracy in our and neighbourhood, south-eastern eastern be it for instance Turkey or the Western Balkans, or Ukraine Belarus.
Amidst chaos the accompanying the of breakdown and law order, this island would give the children the opportunity to join mainstream the of society and enjoy normal lives.
It will such cover topics as stabilisation, the reconstruction state and building in Iraq, a strategy on common Iran and, generally speaking, possible ways of preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the to tactics be adopted when dealing repressive with and dictatorial regimes and dysfunctional states.
The writing. in - (PT) fight against serious public the health problem of overweight- obesity-related and disease must be a priority from early the stages of life.
One the main of interest points to our is group also the supervision and control of expenditure on projects under the MEDA, PHARE and TACIS of programmes.
Earlier, when you were the talking of initiatives for Algeria, you did not note that European the Parliament was the first to react to the situation in that country.
this context should I like to cite three aspects: firstly geographical disadvantages - even after enlargement, Madeira or the islands Greek will always be on margins the of Europe -, then climatic - factors northern Finland or northern Sweden will always be cold and will suffer as a result - and In lastly historical factors.
The vote will take place Tuesday, tomorrow, at noon.
Let us not forget the basis which on those refugees created. were They were created by vile, violent and ethnically-based confrontation.
For the mainstream programmes represent which over 90 % of the financial envelope available the in Funds, Structural the Commission has set clear guidelines explicitly which encourage the support of balanced a and sustainable tourism, development of in through particular three activities:
is It then for important the remaining financial requirements to be covered EU by financial aid.
Town councils, example, for are that unaware they could be EMAS certified and a set great example.
These four parts, are which each of independent importance, must be coordinated.
The directive on equal treatment should therefore not come into being at all.
It should then repeated be half a year later.
Furthermore, the if European Union unilaterally applies traceability and labelling requirements to imported products and out carries checks without adequate an scientific basis, it create may a trade dispute countries with third which results in being the matter referred to the World Trade Organisation.
of these events and problems have one common no thread: European country, even not the very biggest, can such handle problems All alone.
will I to be endeavour of assistance to the honourable Members in this regard and I will this draw matter to the attention of Mr Yates, President-in-Office of the Agriculture Council.
I would like also to say that the way in which have you yourself reacted is not calculated to help Alstom However, either.
I confirm that I for the voted Santos Capoulas report, but I would like to point to two aspects become that may untenable for farmers in my country.
The project is being developed too slowly and lacklustre in a and way, we do not like the Commission's position, by reiterated Mr Landaburu a week which stated ago, that Commission the is neutral between South Stream and Nabucco.
I hope that can we pursue this approach so that the finds public out which States Member are meeting their responsibilities, and which are failing to do so.
Secondly, Mr President-in-Office the of Council, you have stated unequivocally quite in many interviews you that do not regard organisations such as the OSCE as merely incidental, as something that can pushed be aside.
The final version of the agenda for the present part-session drawn as up by the Conference of at Presidents its meeting of 7 April pursuant to Rules 130 and 131 of the Procedure of Rules has    been distributed.
Written statement (Rule 142)
Improved access by road and even by motorways, which should we not fail to build where they are still needed.
I agree Patten with Commissioner that the future Palestinian must State be territorially and contiguous viable and peppered not by settlements, Israeli whilst clearly the right of return needs delicate handling.
In conclusion, the challenges by posed Iran weigh very heavy in my portfolio.
Fourthly, we need to attach the necessary to importance the financial sphere.
Certain regions of the new EU Member States continue, to however, multiple experience disadvantages.
Turkey's accession is now inevitable, despite opinion the unanimous of people the Europe of who are, they whether be from the East or from the West, Copenhagen's big losers.
are now discussing Watson the report, and in this regard I would like to for stress the need the Union to have a European search arrest warrant and which replaces the formal extradition procedure for terrorist crimes as as soon We possible.
It not is acceptable that only simulations should computer be used, as has recently been the trend.
Case show studies that savings of the order of could 12% have been made over the 1998–2002. period
This is an excellent idea.
Now we have to resolve the political questions.
However, despite that, I will support this third-generation cooperation agreement.
This is instrument an of the utmost importance, which has been lacking.
would I also like to say that I think the measures necessary, are like everything that we have and done, everything that Mr Frattini says is going to happen, and that the work done the by police also is very significant, not but sufficient.
We know all that the primary responsibility the for integration Roma of lies with the Member States.
It is true that small-scale fishermen, coastal fishermen, are at suffering greatly the moment.
Mr we President, are to on vote the report of my colleague Mrs regarding Rothe the financial of support Northern Cyprus.
You will be familiar some with reputable companies, French our MEPs fellow will familiar be with some reputable but companies, we must look carefully at exactly which do companies fulfil not requirements, and these must be off struck the list.
Thank you for your attention.
Of course this in initiative, my opinion, will provide suitable a for stimulus the further development of national policies aimed greater at protection for the health and lives of citizens.
In the case of Africa we need to recognise the bitter truth that the continent is most affected warning, global despite by making the least contribution to that global warming.
Have the lessons been not learnt?
Let us from learn this experience, historic which is unique in world the today, on a continent as that, recently as last century, unspeakably suffered tragic events.
I have two received requests for the to Commission make statements.
is It therefore incomprehensible that Swedish the Government is acting in opposition to environment-related such taxes at EU level as minimum levels of carbon and dioxide energy taxes.
There are clear requirements to be and fulfilled each project is analysed on its own merits, based Community on the acquis and on environmental legislation.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee Employment on and Social Affairs. - (DE) Madam President, all Commissioner, members the of European public attach great importance to high-quality health services, and health becomes more even important in of view ageing the right population across Europe.
the wounds are far healed from and every measure by EU the is being evaluated However, accordingly.
Let us make cooperative it and let us get fishing the communities fully engaged this in enterprise.
It is not the right of Ireland or any other State Member to play a role setting in the rate tax of another Member State.
However, the Commission supports the concept underlying the amendment and during the negotiations interinstitutional will it bear in this mind and seek to ensure that information properly is provided to of all the parties concerned.
regard With to financing, personally, I am opinion of the that public security should be paid with for public funds.
This declaration is one of the most signs significant that I have seen, as a Parliamentarian, that our demands can influence the the direction of European Council.
I welcome warmly our rapporteur’s approach, which argues the Solidarity that Fund must be adapted to new challenges there and that is potential for improvement in way the it is used.
It was preceded by one in 1987 resulted which in exclusion from the Commonwealth. does This lead me to believe that the tension, possibly ethnic in origin, must go far we deeper than might to like think.
In the report addition, a proposes number of measures concerning The most labelling. significant of these is aimed at preventing the designation 'olive oil' being as used an advertising slogan, thus confusing the consumers.
To facilitate the progress, Commission will be half the contributing cost of the study on the link.
In conclusion, let me just say that in my opinion we the should remember well-known saying by Jean Monnet, who emphasising kept that European all efforts at integration must in the end based be on bringing people together closer and not just uniting nations.
On of the themselves, current treaties jurisprudence of the European Court of Justice, to which has Commissioner McCreevy referred just insistently and significantly, very systematically protects businesses that provide services on the basis of the of country origin principle, and consistently criticises the rules of the host country that are of accused hindering the activities of those top businesses.
What insights may be gained here?
Inaction is costing lives.
it Europe. can play strategic a role when it comes to investments in projects that the Member States cannot manage by themselves or that require solidarity within However,
Ukraine (debate)
In my view, reason the why British some politicians like this word so much is because it is very difficult to pronounce in English and nobody knows what 'subsidiarity' means.
We must tackle signs the of disintegration, but we only can do so strengthening by country' the s democratic authorities.
Why I do ask for this postponement?
Diversity. therefore support resolution, this in the hope that the EU will to continue adopt an ambitious position within the United Nations Convention on Biological I
That applies just much as in our own countries.
would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Liberadzki, for his constructive input in the preparation of the I report.
Indeed, 80s. the way to deal with terrorism today is from entirely different the 1970s and
I still have presidencies two to go – the Irish presidency for six months; and then, for trialogue the and conciliation the in July, will even I be in involved the Dutch presidency.
After it all, is easy to predict that biotechnology will thus elbow out normal production, gen-tech-free which must we prevent.
The text of the Commission does not limit Parliament's right to examining whether Commission the has gone beyond what has been to delegated something it, which we could anyway by solve means legal of a case, if ever it came to a conflict.
And despite this positive feedback we want to the cut funding Socrates. of
Subtitling of public-service all television programmes in EU the (written declaration): see Minutes
Secondly, the forces of growth within the Community and cohesion in the enlarged must Union be strengthened.
The strategic report 2010 constitutes a strong incentive to improve current the implementation of the cohesion policy programmes.
Saryusz-Wolski, Mr Cohn-Bendit and Mr virtually Mauro: the same, we if look at what we are Mr assessing.
Therefore, Commissioner, is it an not academic issue, but something that is definitely very an option for the ACP.
I would the highlight following paradox, which surprises me.
I have – been informed that Mr Christos Folias has been appointed Secretary of the State in Greek Government.
Parliament. - Madam President, this resolution, purporting to be about rights human in exposes Venezuela, a massive hypocrisy among the right-wing parties in this author.
representatives The of the German Presidency and the Commission not have only accepted the that new agreement with the USA on the transmission the of personal data of passengers flying there will not differ present from the agreement; they have also cynically admitted they that are prepared to legalise the scandal SWIFT by laying down so-called for principles the provision of information on financial transactions by European citizens in the so that USA, this will now be legal.
In terms of enlargement, 2002 will indeed be a most decisive year.
I thank you and look forward to your comments.
The agricultural and supply provide policies for special treatment tailored to specific the reality of each region, outermost and this treatment special has been improved upon strengthened and in the of light experience gained the with implementation of Posei the schemes.
The presidency brings it with both responsibilities and opportunities.
Mr President, I have question a for Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.
I expect and for hope more from you, Commissioner!
That is main the challenge of 1996.
It has reverted to type by placing the accent privatisation, on on tenders and public contracts - thereby boosting the of development the private sector - and more on labour flexible laws.
Mr Pannella has floor the for point a of order.
One really does wonder begin to whether there are any signs of green shoots in the economy.
The aim of motion this for resolution a is to ensure that Member States accurate provide information on their projects in area the of energy infrastructure.
The announcement academic of and cultural cooperation with candidate states is, however, particularly to be welcomed.
On the other hand, Solidarity Fund intervention must be possible even when disasters, however do serious, not reach the required level, and that aid should be provided in exceptional circumstances the when majority of the population in region has a suffered from disaster a and with lasting serious impact on their living conditions;
Perhaps we could vote, and then you would see clear will the the of House.
In bananas the case the American Administration promised Congress to sanctions implement at the latest by 3 March 1999 whatever happens in the WTO!
It is the Commission's wish earnest that the and debate negotiations be to conducted prior to the approval the of new decision on comitology, proposed in July, should three have aims in mind, within the of context the measures to implement the Amsterdam Treaty. Interinstitutional relations need to strengthened and be improved, and our system of adopting decisions must become more to transparent the citizens of the Union and national to and institutions, also more acceptable to the latter.
come How then that those who attack goods, lorries and people in France escape any kind of punishment?
However, I read in the international press that today the Commission is to about submit a report which concludes that Europe losing is its to battle acquire a more competitive economy in world the by 2010.
It is therefore right to call for a air single traffic system, control at least for the whole the of European Union, needs clearly which to include Switzerland for technical reasons.
The next item is the report (A5-0249/2003) Richard by Mr Howitt, on behalf of the Committee on Development Cooperation, and on the Communication from the Commission to the Council and European the Parliament Economic and the and Social Committee participation of on non-state actors in EC development policy (COM(2002) 598 - 2002/2283(INI)).
Gender-based violence always is primarily a criminal matter.
Still, the structure of the aviation market in has Europe altered fundamentally past over the ten years.
We await the European Parliament's reading first on the directive and are aiming for common a position at the April Consumer Council.
I believe that balancing by positions our and adapting what we say and do we progress will towards a truly universal conception of human rights.
The European Union needs to look very at quickly how far it can provide an alternative market for friends its in the Balkans, and act accordingly.
The railways have to seen be as a means of transport that is closely linked to others, since that is the only way guarantee to users satisfactory and services to ensure that all of means transport achieve maximum profitability.
I endorse the allocation of EUR 46 million in financial assistance to Georgia, which will help reduce the short-term financial vulnerability still by faced the economy, while reform supporting aimed measures at achieving a sustainable more balance of payments and a budgetary more stable situation.
We now need to establish in good time what the shape agricultural policy of the enlarged Community should take.
I believe that your contribution to this debate has been crucial.
We thank you for your visit.
I would remind of you this because, one on, year are we worried to see that application the of these decisions is not place taking as quickly.
In 2010 alone, million 3 Europeans will develop cancer, and nearly 2 million people will die of the disease.
On the of question barriers, we already know that you, want Parliament, to have a study, and we welcome your support for this study.
(PL) President, Mr the role of the Ombudsman is increasing, especially in the of context the solutions and challenges of the Lisbon Treaty of and the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
A of amendments number were accepted and adopted in the common position, notably on the interoperability progressive of regional trans-frontier transport, rapid goods transport and eventually the entire rail transport system.
has Recently, China employed a practice whereby children born in mainland China are their separated from parents in Hong Kong.
I would, however, like give to my interpretation personal your of programme, and ask three fundamental questions.
Given this forty-year situation, we have two opportunities ways or to look at situation: the to look back order in to try to learn lessons regarding mistakes must that not be repeated or to look and forward to try see whether we can learn the most lesson important of all - that the only solution to this conflict has that now lasted for forty is years peace.
Thirdly, if this does not happen, we Commission call on the to ensure that, until the Toys Directive has transposed been all by Member the States in the 2011, limit values are laid down in the Toys Directive in such a way as to out rule risk to any health the of children from softening agents in toys.
I would like to explain you to briefly why this the is case.
Two-thirds it is of used on passive income maintenance measures.
To day, this corruption is an problem enormous right to up the highest political level.
I must say we were amazed the by number of applications received.
We welcome the joint investigation by the United Nations and Timorese the East police which has already been launched.
But we have always said the labelling requirement must practicable. be This that means it must lead not - the as of use biotechnology more becomes - widespread to % 80 to 90 % of foods having to be labelled.
No the in world is capable of coping with a natural disaster of this magnitude on its country own.
The debate is closed.
President, I Mr too should to like begin by offering my sincere sympathies to the families of the victims of this terrible expressing accident and my admiration and praise for the courage shown by the emergency services afterwards. They too lost the colleagues in fire.
role The of the European Ombudsman is clearly defined as being to investigate complaints against EU the institutions and bodies.
We all do now it and then.
In short, it means more employment development, and welfare.
I think it a is great pity that the does Commissioner not have much to time listen I but shall address the controversial interests of organisations consumer once again, given that they are wheeled in out every debate and everyone keeps that saying consumers calling are for better protection for animals.
The fact that one's nationals, own is that to say, Dutchmen the Dutch by government and Belgians by the Belgian will government, be able to be extradited in is certain a sense also an important step forward.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained assurances reasonable that the annual accounts for year the financial 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions legal are and regular.
We are talking about direct investment, public with an effect immediate on job creation the and of involvement small and medium-sized enterprises.
after the Wye recently Accord concluded between Mr and Netanyahu Mr Arafat, peace in Israel seems away further than Even ever.
this is is culture the of suspicion that Mr Fava was about, talking suspicion with to regard the What state.
I hope time this around real attempts be will made protect to this unique remnant of world’s the deep time.
The that fact this may course of also involve international communications does little to affect the principle national of responsibilities.
The Court must be independent and this effective: is the task and commitment the of Union. the
UK The scheme contains such a requirement.
We in Parliament were conscious of urgency the of this directive.
This kind discussion of illustrates how unsuitable a monetary union the is for European Union.
will That indeed require a clear policy towards Milosevic.
Such a should country be allowed to join the European should Union, it to, choose based its on own self-determination - which is my why previous colleagues should reflect possibly on this matter.
It really important is to understand how this resource scarce is actually used being today, because we do not feel it is used being - optimally far from it.
In the fight against corruption and organised I am crime, glad in that this report, we also demand from the state authorities that they from refrain pressurising and NGOs society civil organisations investigate that corruption and organised crime.
In saying I this, would like to express my for support the rapporteur.
The alleged perpetrator has turned himself to in the police and is awaiting trial.
But the Europe of Nations Group would like to highlight the contradiction we face.
Obviously we them allowed to look into the document.
I with agree the proposal to use passports for children too, in order to combat abduction child and trafficking.
This text deals both the with issue nuclear and with the human rights situation.
But the at same we time have to appreciate that mobility cannot be absolute an right.
He also about talked working with others deal to with international terrorism.
All the companies who own the lorries and other vehicles and all carriers of all types must take responsibility for their actions corporate - responsibility from the top downwards.
As we represent voters and groups of specific people, unlike those who irresponsibly the signed draft agreement in Davos, we voted against the resolution asking the Council urgently to approve the Africa agreement EU-South amended as indicated.
It is our duty offer to this democratic government a opportunity new by providing it the with and moral technical support that it needs.
We have been told that Coreper discussed issue this today it and dealt will be in with the Legal Services of the Council Parliament and and then adopted at the 23 May Council meeting.
Next week, a political debate, but that one technical includes too, aspects will held be at the European Parliament building in Brussels.
In words, other we are what we eat. It is the in interests of consumers that we have food clear, understandable that labelling makes reference to certain ingredients.
The same could be said of haulage British companies.
Having said that, it is obvious it that is better - no Martin, calm down, because I am not saying that I to reject want - it I am merely saying that we ought to be responsible credible and in the of eyes the citizens and that even if this is not by any means particularly a adequate compromise, will we back it.
Fourth: deepening internal the market is essential, and it is important that everyone the observes criteria.
Nevertheless, the simple truth is there is that only one kind of terrorism, namely one when person perpetrates evil inconceivable against another.
It is not an isolated action.
The mafia, like all forms of organized crime, the enter legal sphere through financial channels.
In these circumstances, it is for quite reasonable this House to express concern today, oral an question asking which the urges Commission to show the definite and unquestionable feasibility studies which to date no one has seen.
I hope that Mr gets Bangemann the message.
In this regard, the process current of negotiations on Malta' s accession to the European must Union be used to ensure that this country monitors rigorously the oil tankers which sail its under flag.
What view the does Commission’s interim report take of that?
It makes a optimistic casually assessment the of and euro is unbalanced in the way that it sings the of praises the internal market.
indeed when that imposition would help to realise a core EU principle such as social then inclusion, is it However, important.
Firstly, the maximum working week should not exceed including 48 hours, overtime.
Families are the at heart of development: they labour, provide consume goods and new produce dynamic members.
The five were proposals all rejected.
This is not how the EU should inform people of its and existence of it what does.
The term procedure' 'simplified conceals the fact that it is possible this for type of to procedure fail.
Brussels never tires emphasising of that compliance fundamental with rights, especially freedom of religion and freedom of expression, the has highest priority accession to for the EU.
Could he be little a more specific on that?
Indeed, some of those that have been returned were sent wearing back flak and jackets helmets, which, to me, says it is exactly not a safe area.
If such issues are brought to my attention and come the within directive, relevant then can action be taken.
(Applause)
The - Commission and believe I that I am all answering the speakers this afternoon - will do all in power its to respond to these within needs, the limits of its legal options to use the structural fund.
That is challenge the for the future; that is the that challenge we, as democrats, have to take on board.
Water. 
We must restore peace and ensure there that is peace Georgia. in
ensuring First, of implementation Single Market norms that have already been adopted.
The reports do accept that must this be done on a and non-discriminatory basis, principled paying due regard to proportionality.
Agency London has sufficiently enlarged sphere of its activity to ensure its funding, but the national authorities have, for their part, retained the most lucrative classes of medicinal products, namely those regarding or neurodegenerative disorders The cardiovascular diseases.
This it time has succeeded.
We also think that the 2000 review process should no in way lead a to renegotiation of the commitments entered into in Beijing.
too am that sorry the Council cannot provide more information, especially since newspapers the have been reporting over the past week the that States Member have sent in their to replies Council the working I group.
It examples is like this which make me think that Europe is often actually harmful the to interests, survival and identity the of nations of the Union. is why That I have a become eurosceptic why and I cannot endorse this report, uncontroversial though it may be.
It is right and that proper the and Commission the Council have been proactive in seeking to apply the membership terms across the island complete of Cyprus.
His experience, his professionalism, his way of his working, of habit taking action rather than making speeches, has us brought all together and today’s made result possible.
European citizens must be able to be confident that transfer the their of bank details does not violate national or EU law.
If you a face daily struggle for survival, you are not going be to thinking about environmental or climate protection.
Not has only it endorsed the idea that REACH should be clear, it but has a made particular point of calling for rigorous registration, going on, indeed, to propose chemicals that should be registered from lower a of limit 10 kilograms up right to one tonne.
Europe, In the average rate of from unemployment rose 9.6 % to 11 % between 1990 and 1995.
financing On development cooperation, the Commission itself congratulates on tariff the new reductions bananas for agreed with Latin America banana producers, but, in reality, this new arrangement is for the benefit of powerful transnational corporations.
of the most important aspects of the struggle against illegal immigration is control effective of the external European Union's One borders.
For this reason, this directive poses serious extremely dangers.
I hope that Parliament will tomorrow vote to the back Internal Committee's Market for proposal a ban in trade seal products.
We need to police use judicial and tools, but they are not enough.
years the ago, Polish Solidarity movement removed the first stone from the Berlin Wall, and our German colleagues ought to not forget Twenty-five this.
Mr President, would I like to make two points.
Mr President, Commissioner, the on Committee Budget' proposed s that guidelines we now are attempt to discussing be clear and concise in order to guide the evaluation of the proposed for budget 2002, and we hope that they address the issue which the people of Europe currently consider to be important: most the European Parliament must forum be the par excellence protecting for interests the of Europe' s citizens and for representing political their will and their democratic status.
Bus coach and passengers enjoy should rights similar to those rail of and air passengers.
There are demographic also reasons for this state of affairs.
Mrs Wallström has the floor on behalf of the Commission.
Serbia has traditionally played an important role in Balkans. the Western
therefore I consider it to be important extremely that the Commission should in future be in possession of for instruments applying and sanctions financial it adjustments when uncovers incidents of this kind.
The describes report in the detail measures should that be taken by the EU reduce to alcohol-related harm in the Member States.
Faced with so an substantial argument, is one almost inclined to shrink back and deny that criticism any of this directive was intended.
That has been settled, and there is more nothing to it than that.
Secondly, I would to like stress, as others have, how important the of issue on taxation energy is.
These interim targets should help us to to get a point areas at which where the critical acidification loads are exceeded will be halved, where ozone the load that affects health is reduced by two and thirds, where the ozone load in excess of vegetation critical levels for is reduced a by third.
Support is needed to strengthen civil society, establish political parties and defend human so rights, that future parliamentary and elections are presidential free democratic, and fair.
Tonight, we stand with you and we will continue do to so until your demands are justly met.
Although we taking are these measures and accept, and are responding to, the input of European the Parliament with regard to improving pandemic we preparedness, it feel inappropriate introduce to into the of text this directive those that amendments outside fall its scope i.e. – those public concerning and human health.
Therefore, it is also good thing a that Parliament today has adopted report the on the of role women in agriculture and rural areas, thereby sending a clear very signal that, here too, play women an important role.
It also is a source of innovation, for if we everything do we are proposing in we the report, shall establish ourselves well ahead of the field, even on a global scale, in terms of and innovation the objectives Lisbon the of Process.
Mr it President, is exactly the same point.
That has not been always the case on a global scale.
it When comes to such agreements as have already been made, or are process in the of being made, for reducing carbon dioxide emissions from private cars, Commission the has, on number a of occasions, pointed out that legislation concerning the for limits dioxide carbon emissions will be considered if the car industry does not fulfil its commitments.
Congo. remind will you that the Amsterdam and summit the General Affairs Council have the expressed intention of the European Union to constructive establish relations with the new of government the Republic Democratic of I
Regarding the other amendments, note I that many in instances they are noteworthy in the that sense they go far beyond what this regulation may provide and for so, regretfully, very cannot they be taken on as board part of this regulation.
The next item a is Commission communication on States' Member employment policy guidelines for 1998 (in the preparation European for Council summit on employment to be held on 20 and 21 November 1997 in Luxembourg).
The item next is (A4-0134/98) the report by Mr Ettl, on behalf the Committee of on Employment and Affairs, Social on the proposal a for Council on Directive safeguarding the supplementary pension rights of employed and self-employed persons moving within European the Union (COM(97)0486 - C4-0661/97-97/0265(CNS)).
At the beginning of this month therefore there an was American request to Russia to reconsider this specific cooperation.
I call on the European Commission to request such publicly accessible information from the European Bank. Investment
Scotland rejects the London government's plans to build a new generation of nuclear weapons and I fully support the Scottish Government's to work do ensure these not come weapons into existence.
Since I arrived here last year, it has been remarkable how people many have admitted privately me to that we should never have joined and we should leave at the earliest opportunity.
The Stabilisation and Association is Process to considered be a decisive in stage this respect.
citizens The of Europe demand of Turkey respect for law international and convergence with the constitutional, economic, political . and cultural
All year round, dry parched days alternate with days of torrential rain.
if it is true that the vast majority of citizens Europe’s feel close the to essence of the spirit the of EU, it is nonetheless also that true that there a is sense of alienation it when comes to its day-to-day running, and with regard to the content some of of its Even texts.
Our resolution will balanced be a resolution if we accept the compatibility of the rule of with competition the mission of social the state.
In this case it would be much if better it did not go up in the first place.
This to needs focus not only the on present, but also the long term, and must be based on a specific programme.
therefore We consider the that second of the two amendments which I have tabled is fundamental. amendment This travellers enables whose destination final is outside the Community, but have who a stopover, to purchases make duty-free at the point of departure.
responsibilities. It not therefore enough for us to wring our hands and regret that we not have yet consolidated our common foreign and security Instead, we to need use all the means at our to disposal this ensure that foreign and security policy - and also our defence policy - is in with line our interests and is policy.
Unfortunately directive this is not completely transparent.
We should remember that this place takes without any of the big guns having anything to fear.
We are to proposing introduce a bridging clause.
correctly Now a designed structural policy create can better conditions for the EU and its inhabitants.
This situation nevertheless makes me very apprehensive.
You cannot seriously telling be today me that the Commission not is aggressive that enough, you are waiting for us to make proposals.
Finally, it to needs do more in way the of mine-clearance effort.
of Federation Russian and the European have Union developed a close and partnership, the common fight against international terrorism stands as one of the many examples The this.
GMOs their and derivatives remain banned strictly for use in organic production.
Applause 
I However, object to the of creation European Union bodies that would exercise power over Member States in that areas are wider than necessary to deal with this problem.
These criminal acts must also be denounced Albanian by the leaders.
2000. would be therefore a great pity if Ariane and Kaleidoscope to were finish on 1 January 1999, only for another programme to begin a year 1 on later January It
In 2005-2006, Europe is funding 280 000 young people as part three of programmes: Comenius, and Leonardo. Erasmus
These to add the Commission's impressive project of developing a European valid research area.
EU. contrast to the rapporteur, of I course, believe we that need only not voluntary but also binding common rules in the In
those businesses that have not so far come terms to with new the on global the markets we are a giving final to chance make good their omission, but it is no part of any European and protection policy’s subsidy to remit be the industry’s textile permanent insurance against the To future.
This is a approach child-centred recognises which that early the childhood years are to crucial cognitive, sensory and physical as development, well as to emotional and development, personal and language for acquisition, and that they also constitute basis the for learning throughout life.
President, our is request based on a very clear fact known to Mr everyone.
healthy prospects long-term of its economy free-enterprise are in sharp contrast to the EU's gradual decline in a sea of over-regulation, which must we before it remedy is too The late.
On the contrary, we would say that we should be a more little realistic.
The of leadership both parties heavy bear a responsibility for the destabilization of independence, Kurdish and that is the real tragedy for the Kurds.
Indeed as an institution, perhaps is their closest ally in terms of respecting interests the they expressed to Parliament, me.
However, we vigorously denounce the reasoning that the social and human tragedies experienced workers European by should regarded simply be as 'adjustments' necessary for the smooth running neo-liberal of globalisation.
More specific action could be also be undertaken with regard developing to awareness-raising on real campaigns the possibilities of legal and on immigration all forms of trafficking, as well as increasing ability the of the authorities in the countries of origin or transit to combat effectively this type of crime themselves.
(Interruption by Pack) Mrs Quite right, Mrs it Pack, is not a question of voting on the but substance of finding out whether or not this is an to placed issue on be the agenda.
Luckily the has Commission the right initiative, of if only it would use it!
It is our in partner NATO and deserves be to treated as such.
It also shares the concerns expressed in many of the amendments rejected, the but at same time considers it it important to safeguard the effective of implementation the assistance, the integrity of the pursued aims the and exceptional nature of this financial instrument.
During negotiation the of the compromises, she has showed about open-mindedness arguments the put forward by my group, which led to large a majority vote favour in of the draft report in the Committee on Employment Affairs. and Social
Mr President, I shall repeat a to question Vice-President Frattini that my honourable colleague already has asked: do you to intend accept all the amendments that the House just has adopted, or would you like more time some to final present compromise proposals?
Even if more more and travellers do in fact reserve their directly tickets with airlines the or on the Internet, the majority of consumers will continue to on rely travel their agencies, which for their must part be able to rely on non-discriminatory, genuine offers bargain in the computerised reservation system.
of Vice-President the Commission. (IT) - Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would too to like thank the Council representative.
Street children in Moscow
When it comes to the problems associated with the aforesaid inadequate conventions, data protection is the least of our worries.
The conclusion right draw to the from power cuts in Italy in 2003 would have been that the blame for lay these the primarily with lack of competition in the clapped-out infrastructure.
need We bold democrats in and new this period we urgently need an exciting, democratic and genuinely effective Europe.
The destruction the ozone of layer is a transnational problem.
Although we could help the countries with the economic greatest problems in monetary the to union obtain money on favourable terms, for example, by means a of loan Union to several area euro states, this favourable external credit would hardly able be alleviate to acute the problems they are facing would and also nothing about do the causes of the problems.
In 1993, the European Copenhagen Council offered the countries of Central and Eastern the Europe chance to join the European Union.
The Regulation establishes a mechanism for provision the of operational rapid assistance for a limited period of to time a requesting Member State facing a situation exceptional of urgent and pressure, especially due to the at external arrival border points of large numbers third-country of nationals enter trying to the European Union illegally.
We have voted against establishing European a public prosecutor' office. s would It a be colossal enterprise to up set when the problem, in reality, lies elsewhere.
Experience those in countries has not far so indicated that liberalisation has to led an increase in the number of jobs in this sector, or to increase an in their quality.
For all these reasons, I support the rapporteur in this initiative requiring the Commission to withdraw the proposals and present new, more complete ones.
In that case, the sanctions could be lifted wholesale immediate with effect.
Moreover, I argue would that there should also great be focus on the interoperability of systems which, although its is aim general protection of possibility the for users to access the data broadcast via the platforms, digital emerging is at time this as a competition protecting protection measure, possibility the of to access the for market the different operators and thus up opening unprecedented legal horizons.
those On issues Commission the doubts that it is legally possible to apply the principle of free the movement of to people contest restrictions on transfer the mortal of remains.
For example, may I you remind that the Title IV new of the EC Treaty provided by will Amsterdam from the remove national parliaments all decision making powers in the field immigration, of without providing replacement control any for at least five years, and then only the inadequate control of the Parliament. European
Twelve years after the Second World the War, former warring parties put signatures their to the Treaties Rome. of
there are no objections, I can also put to vote the the of part an agreed text with regard which to there a is difference of over opinion whether or not exists it in the compromise If text.
Vice-President Commission. of the - (FR) Minister, ladies and gentlemen, the States European Union-United 'justice, freedom and security' Troika, ministerial in which Mr Mate and Vice-President Frattini part took in was March, an excellent to opportunity discuss certain important issues with our American counterparts.
It clearly is possible to improve the mechanism for the settlement of disputes!
Do you believe that there are governments crazy enough to allocate to the money regions, in the knowledge their that investments will be frittered away the over next few years?
These should SMEs be operating successfully on behalf of Europe in the global marketplace, which is another reason why I believe the that WTO assembly and conference parliamentary by proposed the European Parliament are matter a of the utmost priority, ask and I the Commission to incorporate this from proposal the European Parliament the into programme too.
need You multiply to those EUR 146 million approximately by eight order in to get an idea of what the impact could be.
We heard the promise that there will be a new framework for SMEs, and I believe that there be will one; the only thing is that we are constantly being asked what now is actually in practical happening terms over and above was what decided on in the what past, the new framework that Verheugen Commissioner wants to bring will in like, be what and its actual priorities will have be.
Most of Turkey is geographically not part of Europe.
EU. aim of new the centre is to overcome problems the the of present arrangements and to develop and implement projects more coherently across the territories what of will be the 25 Member of States the The
Supporting funding for this scheme an is way effective for us to invest in the health young of Europeans.
Now, as the has Commissioner just us, told the Commission is proposing that single one report be up drawn every five years.
Thirdly, the establishment of centres to promote employment must be completed.
The is Commission open discussing to the issue with the European Parliament, including, as we said the during trialogue, further any improvements in the between arrangements Commission and the European Parliament concerning those executive agencies.
I ask you, Mrs Schreyer, is this the trust cooperation and which you your and colleague Mr never Kinnock tire of demanding from this House?
President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, micro-credits and small loans help people can who are not able to get credit normal through market Madam mechanisms.
There must be no obligation to solar install panels when building a house, carrying out reroofing works, an extension building or replacing a heating system, such as the case is in Marburg the model.
Given that we wish to be a community with sensitivity, we social must devote attention special to them.
It concerned a company which not did manage to deal its with poisonous waste but chose instead to bury the in it ground and in that way put a whole district at risk.
Why else would we have a report this of kind?
The Commissioner's draft has mandate closely been studied within Coreper and, in principle, this Commission recommendation will be to put the at vote the next meeting Council will and we vote in favour of it, into taking account Parliament's position, of course, and the opinions that will be voiced on the subject in here this Chamber today.
The Russian people need to feel that family the European understands and supports them.
believe Moldova. that the European Union also needs to quickly propose an alternative option, such as a huge economic aid plan, perhaps a even Plan mini-Marshall for I
President, in connection with Rule 163 of our Rules of Procedure, I much very that regret both the rapporteur and you say yourself the that rules are Mr strange.
I have voted therefore in favour of the report.
I am voting for this resolution because strategy a for the Atlantic is region essential EU for territorial especially cohesion, the in context of the eastward enlargement of EU borders.
Thirdly, there is the of issue monitoring service providers.
For years we have been about warning of risks accident. For years we have been afraid that a disaster would happen and years for we have fought against the establishment these of plants in Toulouse the area.
